Aidsham which was finished in 1931 is located in Sri Lanka has an architectural style known as Tudor and Jacabian .
the Polish Academy of Sciences headquartered in Warsaw Poland , publishes Acta Palaeontologica Polonica .
is located in Haputalethe Sri . Lanka where Sri Jayawardenepura Kotte is the capital and the Tamil language is spoken . Lanka the capital and the Tamil .
the Alan B. Millar Hall was completed on 1st June 2009 and currently hosts the US Mason School of Business .
and Eric Flint and was preceded by Grantville Gazette III .
the AIDS journal is published by Lippincott Williams Wilkins in the United Kingdom where David Cameron is the leader and the capital city is .
a severed Wasp ISBN number 0 374 26131 8 is currently in print .
was born in New Hampshire and he served as the Chief of the Astronaut Office .
the Bavarian Crisis which . . crisis Eric is available in hardcover . Eric Flint .
is the Rebellion .
AC Hotel Bella Sky Copenhagen a tenant of Marriott International Hotel has 23 floors and is located in Copenhagen Denmark .
AZ Alkmaar has 17023 members and their ground is the AFAS Stadion .
the address 11 diagonal Street is located in South Africa leader . leader in Asian South Africans . Asian South Africans .
is the publisher of ACM Transactions on Information Systems . publisher of ACM Transactions on Information Systems . is the leader of the Association .
OCLC number .
part of Leinster is owned by . live National Entertainment .
1634 The Ram Rebellion was written in the US which is home to many Asian Americans .
the Acharya Institute of Technology is located in Bangalore India and its motto is `` nurturing Excellence . .
the book A Long Way with the OCLC number 57399346 is available in hardcover and has 292 pages .
Akita Museum of Art is located in Akita .
is located in Ahmedabad in India where T S Thakur .
the Amsterdamsche Football Club Ajax amateurs is . who in the . complete name Ajax -LRB- . complete Ajax -LRB- .
the book A Loyal Character Dancer has the ISBN number of 1 56947 301 3 which has 360 pages .
the novel A Long Way was followed by The Secret Scripture published by Faber and Faber .
the manager of 1 FC Koln is Peter Stoger who is affiliated with the SC Wiener Neustadt club and plays for the Austria national football team .
William Anders was born on the 17th of October 1933 and graduated from AFIT in 1962 with an M.S. .
Alcatraz Versus the Evil Librarians is from The United States where of ethnic Native . Alcatraz Versus the Evil Librarians is from The United States where of the ethnic are Native Americans and .
Julia born in San Francisco , designed the California landmark Los Angeles Herald examiner building and The Asilomar Conference Grounds .
Birmingham which is lead by the Labour politician John is the home town of the John Colmore . town of the architect Madin . town of the architect Madin designed 103 . town of the architect Madin designed 103 . town of the Madin designed 103 .
Eric Flint &apos; s book `` 1634 The Bavarian Crisis , `` Gazette II . book `` 1634 The Bavarian Crisis , was preceded by `` Grantville Gazette II .
the native name of the Baku Turkish Martyrs &apos; Memorial is Turk Sehitleri Aniti and is made of red granite and white marble .
of . 250 Delaware Avenue began in January 2014 and has 12 floors with 30843.8 square metres . floors of metres . has 12 floors metres .
Coloured live .
HOK SVE the architect of the 3Arena which is located at `` North Wall Quay .
the editor Advances published by .
AFC Fylde Association Football Club Fylde -RRB- played in 2014 and ground in Lancashire . -LRB- full name . name played in 2014 and ground . name Club Fylde -RRB- played in 2014 and ground in Lancashire .
Agremiação Sportiva Arapiraquense managed by Vica has 17000 members .
AFC Ajax -RRB- who have 5000 members the 2014 season .
States where one of the ethnic is . a Loyal Character Dancer is published States . the is .
Alexis Tsipras and Nikos Voutsis are leaders in Greece where . where Dimitra Efxeinoupolis is located .
A.F.C. Blackpool fullname is `` Association Football Club Blackpool they have 1500 .
a count . 200 Public Square has .
AEK Athens FC whose home ground is in Greece has 69618 members and compete in the Superleague Greece .
Asser Levy Public Baths are in New York City of which New Netherland is a part .
Alfred Giles architect of The Asher and Mary Isabelle died in Kendall County Texas .
the Akita Museum of Art is located in Akita Prefecture in Japan .
was a test pilot who was born in New Hampshire on November 18th 1923 . test who was born .
the book `` Grey Ice &apos; &apos; was written by J V Jones can be found . the book `` Grey can be found .
Alkmaar has 17023 members . Alkmaar has 17023 members .
American Buzz Aldrin who was .
A.S. Livorno Calcio are by Christian Panucci who plays for A.S. Roma and is attached to the club CFC .
these books by John Cowper Powys were published in the following order A Glastonbury Weymouth Sands and Maiden Castle .
see was born . see in Dallas . see in the United States and died in St Louis . see in the United States . see died in .
rebellion comes from one of and the . rebellion comes from United States where one of the ethnic groups are the Native Americans and the leader is known as the President . rebellion comes from United one of the ethnic groups are and the . United ethnic groups .
AFC Ajax &apos; s manager Frank de Boer who played for the Ajax Youth Academy .
the of Management . the academic discipline .
AZAL PFK members .
is of ACM Transactions Information Discipline Science . transactions on . transactions Information Discipline . ACM Transactions Discipline Science .
the book Alcatraz Versus the Evil Librarians is in print and has the ISBN number 0 439 92550 9 as well as the OCLC number of 7877110 .
Amdavad ni Gufa can be found in Gujarat which is in the Indian city of Ahmedabad .
A.C. Lumezzane , . were active in 2014 .
the architect of Adare Manor is .
owned by Live Nation Entertainment 3Arena can in the of Ireland a Dhálaigh . live Nation 3Arena can in . by Live Nation Entertainment 3Arena Dublin in the Republic of Ireland a Republic by Lord Mayor Dhálaigh .
has 70634 Stadio Olimpico .
are many title . are many aspects of United States culture the title A of Mars to the Obama English is spoken in Britain . English in Britain .
a Wizard of Mars was published in English -LRB- language of Great Britain -RRB- in the United States where the leader is called a `` president and part of the population is African American .
is .
the Mason School of Business are the current tenants of Alan B Miller Hall which was completed on 1st June 2009 and is situated in Virginia , in the United States .
was born in , native . is a . native bird .
is the home to A.C. Chievo which has 39371 members .
the 11th Mississippi Infantry Monument Adams County which is Carroll .
Associazione Calcio ChievoVerona is managed by Rolando Maran who plays for Carrarese Calcio .
a Wizard of Mars by Duane . by Diane Duane . by Diane Duane in print .
Aidsham completed in 1931 and located in Sri Lanka is in the Tudor Revival architecture style .
Alan B Miller Hall .
AZ Alkmaar &apos; s fullname is Alkmaar Zaanstreek it has 17023 members .
AFC Fylde &apos; s manager is Dave . Dave play football for Bury FC .
Visvesvaraya Technological University .
a Long was published in Print Paperback and has the OCLC number 57392246 .
3Arena in Dublin Republic of Ireland by Live Nation Entertainment .
AC Lumezzane play in the Lega and have 4150 . Pro league . the Lega Pro have .
Amdavad in India whose leaders are Narendra Modi and Sumitra Mahajan .
is styled as Tudor Revival and . found in Haputale .
the A.E Dimitra Efxeinoupolis club is located in Greece where Greek is spoken .
200 Public Square is located in Cleveland Cuyahoga County Ohio United States which is lead by Frank G Jackson .
ACM Transactions on ACM LCCN . ACM . INF Syst . has a CODEN of ATISET . on abbreviated to ACM Trans . INF Syst has a CODEN code of ATISET and LCCN number of 89646863 . ACM Trans . INF Syst has a CODEN of ATISET .
the U.S. .
a severed Wasp was published in hardback the ISBN number 0 374 26131 8 .
live Nation own 3Arena in Dublin . at Wall .
AEK Giorgos Kaminis . F.C. is in Athens , the mayor of Athens is . F.C. is , the mayor of Athens is .
103 Colmore the architect Madin born in Birmingham whose leader is Labour politician John Clancy . in Birmingham whose leader is Labour politician John Clancy .
Hall is located in Haputale Sri Lanka has the architectural style . Tudor Revival .
Aldrin an Apollo 11 having been born in Glen Ridge , Jersey . crew Apollo , having , Jersey . an having .
Cesena ground is in Cesena and they play . Cesena they play the league whose are . Cesena they play the league .
Dimitra Efxeinoupolis is located in Greece where Athens in the capital and Prokopis Pavlopoulos are leaders . leaders .
the 200 Public Square has 45 floors and was completed in 1985 and is located in Cleveland .
Alan Bean was born in Wheeler Texas .
a Wizard of Mars . a Wizard of Mars was written by Diane Duane .
died on in . July California -LRB- whose Senator was Dianne Feinstein -RRB- .
Elliot See was born in 1927 graduated from . Austin 12 Conference . the Texas at . Austin the Big . Austin who are competing in .
11 diagonal Street is located South Africa , where the leader called Jacob Zuma .
North LaSalle . Chicago is 120770.0 , .
as the . de as the tenant . de is owned by AFC Ajax N.V with Jong Ajax as the tenant . AFC Ajax N.V . with Jong Ajax .
joined NASA in 1963 where he became a member of the Apollo 12 mission along with Alfred Worden as back up pilot and David Scott as .
AIDS -LRB- journal -RRB- is published by Lippincott Williams Wilkins in the where English is the main language .
was born on October 17 1933 in British Hong Kong . October 17 1933 . October in British Hong Kong . October fighter pilot and crew member of Apollo 8 . October fighter pilot and crew member . on October 17 1933 in British Hong Kong served as a fighter pilot and crew member of Apollo 8 .
a Wizard of Mars is 560 pages and the ISBN number 978 0 15 204770 2 .
awarded the United States Navy Distinguished Service Medal higher than the department of commerce gold medal . States Navy Distinguished Service higher than the department gold medal .
the ground of A.S. Gubbio 1910 is located in Italy Italians the leader is Sergio Mattarella .
John Coper Powys wrote the novel Owen Glendower and A Romance .
C league played in the 2015 .
a Glastonbury Romance with the ISBN 0 7156 3648 0 has 1174 .
administrative Science Quarterly was published by Cornell University in the state of New York .
the ground of AS Gubbio 1910 is called Stadio Pietro Barbetti and the capacity for a crowd of 5300 .
was authored . the publication of The Bavarian Crisis Virginia Eric Flint . Virginia DeMarco .
`` Zaanstreek the 17023 played in the Eredivisie in . member strong club . member club played in the Eredivisie in . member in the Eredivisie .
the architect of 3Arena in North Wall Dublin and completed in December 2008 is populous .
3Arena at North Wall Quay is owned by Live Nation Entertainment .
members the . Stadio Armando Picchi . name has .
is concerned with academic discipline of Pure Mathematics . Hambg is the abbreviation for Abhandlungen . der Universität Hamburg .
Frank G Jackson leads Cleveland part of Cuyahoga County . 200 pubic Square is located . Cleveland part where 200 . Cleveland part where 200 .
Riverside Art Musuem in California .
a Loyal Character is in print and was written by Qiu 360 pages .
County . which was established in 2000 and categorised as a property within . categorised a contributing property States . location the 11th . location monument which . categorised a property .
Alan Shepard 18 1923 selected by NASA in 1959 .
200 Public Square which has 45 floors is located in Cleveland Ohio 44114 .
20 Fenchurch Street has 34 floors floor area of 62145.3 square metres . 20 Fenchurch has 34 floors floor area . 20 Fenchurch has 34 floors floor area 62145.3 square metres .
Associazione Calcio Lumezzane SpA is abbreviated to A.C. Lumezzane they have 4150 members and play in the Lega Pro league .
the 11th Mississippi Infantry Monument -LRB- established in 2000 -RRB- located in Gettysburg Pennsylvania and falls under the category of contributing property .
Marriott International tenant of AC Hotel Bella Sky in Copenhagen was founded in Washington D.C. .
in Ithaca NY is the . the Administrative Science Quarterly .
the manager of A.F.C. Blackpool Stuart Parker -LRB- footballer -RRB- who plays for Blackpool F.C. .
Adisham Hall is in Sri Lanka where the currency the Sri rupee . Hall currency the Sri rupee .
became a crew of Apollo 8 with . his back up pilot .
Jorge Humberto Rodriguez plays for Alianza F.C. and has been manager of A D Isidro Metapán .
Americans the ethnic groups in the United States of which A Fortress of Grey Ice is . Americans Grey Ice is . in Britain .
Azerbaijan Premier League where Qarabag FK are champions .
Conference Grounds , Asilomar Blvd Pacific Grove , California a reference number in the National of Historic Places of : 87000823 .
the manager of A.F.C. Blackpool Stuart Parker -LRB- footballer -RRB- who is a member of the Irlam Town F.C. .
the 320-page book `` Alcatraz Versus the Evil Librarians currently in print .
Elliot -LRB- born in Dallas on 1927 07 23 -RRB- went to the University of Texas Conference .
the Accademia di Architettura di Mendrisio in the city of Mendrisio was established in 1996 . the Accademia di Architettura di Mendrisio in the city of Mendrisio was established in 1996 . the Accademia di Architettura di Mendrisio in the city of Mendrisio was established in 1996 has 600 students along academic staff .
was the is . the Gujura is located in Ahmedabad India .
the Kingdom . the two . the United Kingdom two this country are II .
Sportiva Arapiraquense . are managed by . Arapiraquense Vica has 17,000 .
a Loyal Character was written by Qiu Ziaolong can be found in hardcover and has 360 pages .
is Jens who plays for Babelsberg 03 and has represented the club FC Sachsen Leipzig .
Elliot See -LRB- deceased -RRB- was born in Dallas 1927 07 - 23 .
20 Fenchurch Street which has a floor count of 34 .
200 Public square is in Cleveland USA .
is the . the which also the of diagonal .
in the state .
the Atatürk Monument -LRB- İzmir -RRB- designed by Pietro Canonnica and can be found in Turkey where the capital is Ankara .
the Administrative Science Quarterly or admin Sci Q is in the management discipline with ISSN number 0001 .
founded by The Bodley Head published A Glastonbuy Romance . Charles Elkin Mathews . Charles The Bodley Head published A Glastonbuy Romance .
Alcatraz Versus the Evil Librarians produced in print . Alcatraz Versus the Evil Librarians is produced in print .
200 Public Square is located in Cleveland Ohio United States and the governing body of Cleveland is Cleveland City Council .
Barack Obama is the leader of United States where .
are . places the 27nd 1987 .
the Veil by Garth Nix OCLC 46451790 was produced in . in print .
Alcatraz Versus the Evil is from . the United States . the they speak and one groups is African . they one . the groups . the is . the they speak English and one groups is .
Alan Shepard was born in New Hampshire but died in California .
A.F.C. Fylde &apos; s ground is in Warton Fylde Lancashire and the club has 3180 members . Warton Fylde Lancashire and the club .
Rolando -LRB- born in Italy -RRB- has managed AC Verona and played for Carrarese Calcio .
John den who is a member of the Jong Ajax club plays for Vitesse Arnhem has been manager . Brom AZ Alkmaar .
Alcatraz Versus the Evil Librarians is considered Fantasy literature and has the ISBN number 0 439 92550 9 . considered Fantasy literature number 439 9 .
a Glastonbury Romance print has 1174 pages .
Marriott International was founded in Washington D.C by Bill Marriott it is the tenant of the AC Hotel Bella Sky Copenhagen Denmark .
the ISBN number of A Long Way is 0 670 03380 4 the OCLC .
San Francisco born Julia Morgan was the architect of Asilomar Conference Grounds and designed other significant buildings including the Los Angeles Herald Examiner building .
the building of Adare Manor started in 1700 and completed in 1862 was designed by the architect Philip Charles Hardwick .
leader in London the and 20 .
Cornell University Association of Public and of the Administrative Science Quarterly .
the A.E Dimitra Efxeinoupolis club is located in Greece the country where the language they speak is Greek .
1 Decembrie 1918 University is located rector .
is published by Wiley Blackwell on of the Society for . number on behalf the Society the Study of Addiction . the Society Study of Addiction .
Ampara Hospital Sri Lanka -LRB- the currency rupee of that province is Austin Fernando . . currency rupee of that province is Austin Fernando . .
the Museum of Art at `` 1 4 2 Nakadori 3 floors with an area of 3746.66 square metres it was inaugurated on 28th September 2013 .
Edwin Aldrin Junior &apos; s nickname was Buzz Aldrin and he was born . January 20th .
has been . a ASD was at club ASD Licita 1931 . SS Nola 1925 . SS was 1931 .
American test pilot Alan Bean , born Mar 15 1932 in Wheeler Texas , graduated from UT Austin in 1955 with a Bachelor of Science degree .
the Acharya Institute of Technology was established in 2000 , and is affiliated with the Visvesvaraya Technological University based . in Visvesvaraya Technological University .
AFC Ajax -LRB- amateurs -RRB- &apos; s ground is De Toekomst tenanted by Ajax Youth Academy and operated by AFC Ajax .
the Jersey Volunteer Infantry Monument was established on 11th July 1907 and is in the Monocacy National Battlefield in Frederick County , Maryland where it is owned by the National Park Service . 11th July and is .
the ISSN number for Abhandlungen aus dem Mathematischen Seminar der Universitat Hamburg -LRB- abbreviating to Abh Math Semin Univ Hambg -RRB- is 0025 5858 .
book Alcatraz Versus the Evil Librarians has 7877110 . ISBN number 0 .
is the leader of Chicago Illinois United States the location of 300 North LaSalle .
Asser Levy Public Baths are located in New York City part of New York in the US .
the American Journal of Mathematics -LRB- OCLC number -RRB- is published by the Johns Hopkins University , is . number Hopkins which . is based . the United States and has John Hopkins University as its parent company .
is located in Adare County , was completed . was designed by James Pain . was in 1862 .
200 Public Square is located in Cleveland Cuyahoga County Ohio which is governed by G Jackson .
Simon the A Glastonbury Romance written by . John Cowper Powys .
ISBN number of -7156 -3648 -0 .
the Asser Levy Public which was built in 1904 is located in New York City . located in New York City .
a Fortress of Grey Ice from the United States English is African are one of the ethnic groups .
S.S. Chieti Calcio managing A.C. .
ní Dhálaigh was Lord Mayor of Dublin where the 3Arena owned by Live Nation Entertainment located . mayor of where the 3Arena . Lord Mayor of the 3Arena owned by Live Nation Entertainment located .
William who was born in British Hong Kong on October 17th , 1033 was picked by NASA in 1963 to be part of Apollo 8 .
the book `` A severed Wasp is available in .
Augustus Pugin the architect of Adare Manor was born in Bloomsbury .
and previously football .
engineering College is situated of Kerala India . in the state .
Amdavad ni Gufa in Ahmedabad is located in India whose leader is Sumitra Mahajan .
flint who . was born in Burbank California , is the author of 1634 The Bavarian Crisis preceded by 1634 : the Ram Rebellion . the Bavarian Crisis preceded by 1634 : the Ram Rebellion . Burbank the author of 1634 The Bavarian Crisis .
Marriott International a of . tenant Hotel Bella Copenhagen and was founded in Washington D.C. .
a Loyal by Soho Press in the United States where Barack Obama is . a Loyal Character Dancer was published States . is the leader .
120 million AUD .
leader is Sergio Mattarella .
retired on been born on 17 October 1933 . 1 September 1969 . 17 October 1933 . having 17 in .
wrote A Wizard of which has OCLC .
is the president and leader of the Americans are an ethnic group 1634 The . USA where Native . native Americans was written in the USA . the president and leader the USA where Native Americans are an ethnic group 1634 The Ram Rebellion .
a Glastonbury Romance has the .
a severed Wasp is from the United States is Washington . an ethnic group .
business and Social Sciences at the Aarhus University has a staff size of 737 and is located in Denmark .
the ground of A.S. Gubbio 1910 is located in Italy where leaders called Pietro Grasso . called Sergio Mattarella .
completed in 1983 of 11 Helmut Jahn .
Sri Lanka &apos; s leader is Ranil Wickremesinghe and it is home to the Ampara Hospital .
administrative Science Quarterly was published by Cornell University which has the of Cornell Big Red .
located the city . the Accademia di Architettura of Mendrisio Switzerland .
a Loyal Character Dancer is published Barack . Obama is the president .
the US is home . the US is home Soho Press published A Loyal Character Dancer .
Akita Museum of Art Akita Prefecture .
architect was completed . architect Main . row architect has 23 floors . Colmore Row .
Buzz Aldrin , real name Edwin E. Aldrin Jr was born 20th January 1930 20 awards and attended Massachusetts Institute of Technology .
and a sequel .
3 Arena at East Link Bridge and is owned by Live Nation Entertainment .
a severed Wasp is .
the Man &apos; s Plack dedicated to Æthelwald ealdorman of East Anglia is located one of spoken is Cornish -LRB- in Cornwall -RRB- . located in England where one of languages spoken is Cornish -LRB- in the Cornwall region -RRB- . located in England where one of languages spoken is Cornish -LRB- in Cornwall region -RRB- .
was constructed in the . Tudor Revival style . in the 1927 . Tudor Revival style . and 1931 in Haputale Sri Lanka .
Accademia di Architettura di Mendrisio is located in Meride .
sage Publications founded by Sara Miller McCune is the publisher of Administrative Science . quarterly has the OCLC number 1461102 .
published in hardcover Alcatraz Versus The Evil librarian has the OCLC number 78771100 and the ISBN number 0 439 92550 9 .
Buzz Aldrin , born Edwin Eugene Aldrin was the Legion of Merit ribbon .
Barack Obama is president of the United States where A Wizard of Mars was published and Native Americans are an ethnic group .
Alcatraz Versus the Evil is in hardcover has the OCLC number .
Grey is the United States where English is spoken . Americans . groups in the U.S. .
manages the . played for Vicenza Calcio . the A.C. .
is the . available as .
the novel Castle came out followed by Aenir and then Into Battle .
a Fortress of Grey is written in the English language and is from the United States where of the ethnic Asian Americans .
the Grantville gazettes . the written by Virginia DeMarce and Eric Flint .
English is spoken . English in .
3Arena is located in Dublin in Leinster .
the Accademia di Architettura di Mendrisio of Switzerland has 600 students and the dean is called Mario Botta .
above the Veil -LRB- preceded by the book Aenir -RRB- is from Australia and is written in English .
Wizard of Mars by Diane Duane . Mars written Diane is in hardcover has 2 . Mars written number 978 0 15 204770 2 and the . OCLC number 318875313 .
a severed a hardcover book .
played for .
the Bella Center .
a Loyal Character Dancer in the United States .
Dimitra Efxeinoupolis is located in Greece the leader of is Nikos Voutsis .
the American Journal of Mathematics is published the . has the OCLC .
affiliated with of American Universities , Cornell University is in the city of Ithaca New York with its president Elizabeth Garret it publishes Administrative Science Quarterly . universities , is the city of Ithaca New York with its president Elizabeth Garret it publishes Administrative Science .
awarded the Distinguished the United States Navy , retired 1st of August 1974 has died in California . .
has a US nationality Hampshire . a US nationality .
plays for R.S.C. . John van den Brom is a player .
.
where the President is the head of state .
went to University of Texas at Austin and died in on 1966 02 08 . St. Louis .
a Loyal Character Dancer is published . a Loyal is English .
and States and Washington D.C. . ethnic group and the capital Washington . ethnic group and Washington .
the Addis Ababa Stadium and the Addis Ababa City Hall can be found in Ethiopia .
of AC .
AEK Athens F.C. play in the Superleague Greece and their ground is in Athens .
A.F.C.Fylde &apos; s ground is Kellamergh Park and the club has 3180 members .
the Hotel Bella in Copenhagen which has 23 floors .
Owen Glendower and A Glastonbury are both novels written by John Cowper Powys .
1634 ; Ram by Eric Flint is available in . rebellion of 1 4165 2060 0 .
capital city of Azerbaijan .
a Glastonbury Romance .
Radhakrishnan Road . Hessarghatta Main Road . Acharya Dr. Sarvapalli .
is located in Gujarat and it &apos; s leader is Anandiben Patel .
Mario Botta is Dean of the Accademia di Architettura Mendrisio is located in the city of Mendrisio and was established in 1996 .
of Texas and also born in Dallas Texas . of Texas and also born in Dallas Texas . Texas at Austin .
the School has students . students 737 academic . University Association .
city the African Americans . librarians was written in English .
is the manager of A.F.C. Blackpool whose ground is in Blackpool , where the leader is the Conservative Party -LRB- UK -RRB- .
Ado Den Haag . de Graafschap .
known is dedicated to the Ottoman Army soldiers killed in the Battle of Baku .
construction on Addis Ababa City Hall which has a 140000.0 -LRB- square metres -RRB- floor area began in 1961 and was completed in 1964 .
Elliot NASA employee from 1962 born on 23rd July 1927 in Dallas died .
Akron Summit Assault &apos; s ground is St. Vincent St. Mary High School in the city of Akron Ohio States .
architect Birmingham who Colmore .
died in . in Louis Kingdom of France .
John Wiley Sons is the parent company of Wiley Blackwell which the publisher of the journal Addiction . the publisher .
of Romania the latin name Universitas Apulensis .
has and has National Assembly as its legislature .
in Denmark and with tenant Marriott International AC Hotel Bella Sky Copenhagen is owned by Bella Center and . has 23 floors .
a cost of 120 million Australian dollars .
a Loyal Character Dancer was published .
the manager of A.F.C. Blackpool Stuart Parker -LRB- footballer -RRB- who played for Bury FC and currently for KV Mechelen .
the American Journal Mathematics abbreviated and has the impact factor of 1.337 . the American Journal Mathematics abbreviated and has factor .
300 North LaSalle is located in Chicago , Illinois , United States where Susana Mendoza is a leader .
is Chief of the Astronaut Office New . chief of the Astronaut Office was New Hampshire .
a Wizard of Mars is published in English and originates from the United States .
the Asilomar Conference Grounds constructed in 1913 , is located at Pacific Grove California .
English Football League club AFC Blackpool &apos; s ground is in Blackpool .
A.D. Isidro Metapan play at the Estadio Jorge Calero Suarez . Metapan have 10000 and .
1634 The Bavarian Crisis was authored by Virginia DeMarce and Eric Flint it was preceded by 1634 The Ram Rebellion .
the Acharya Institute of Technology .
Johns Hopkins the parent company of Johns University Press the . publisher of the American Journal .
Kochi is leader of Kerala state where the AWH Engineering College with an academic staff of located . leader academic staff is located .
and was added to the National Register of . was added to the National Register of Historic Places on . February the 27nd 1987 .
Jorge A. D. Isidro Metapan but also plays for Alianza F.C. as well as the El Salvador national football team . Jorge also plays for Alianza F.C. as well as the El Salvador national football team . Jorge El football team . Jorge as the El Salvador national football team . Jorge El Salvador national football team .
Amdavad ni Gufa is located in Gujarat and it leader .
ethnic groups is Asian .
the The Bavarian crisis is the sequel to The Grantville gazettes .
Jorge Humberto Rodríguez manages the A.D. Isidro Metapan and plays for the football team . El Salvador national . Humberto . Humberto Rodríguez the A.D. Isidro Metapan El . Humberto football .
American Alan Bean was a test pilot who was born in Wheeler Texas and in 1963 was picked by NASA as part of the space program .
FC Köln played the 2014 15 season in the Bundesliga the team has 50000 members .
was the architect and designer of many significant buildings including the Asilomar Conference Grounds and the Riverside Art Museum . Asilomar State Beach . art Museum . architect Asilomar and the Riverside . art Museum . the architect . Asilomar the Asilomar .
in print , Alcatraz Librarians . versus the Evil . evil an number of 78771100 439 92550 and 320 . number of 78771100 an ISBN of 0 439 92550 9 and is 320 pages long .
Agremiacao Sportiva Arapiraquense nicknamed Alvinegro , . Agremiacao Sportiva Arapiraquense nicknamed Alvinegro , .
American born .
Acta Palaeontologica Polonica -LRB- often the ISSN number 60040714 . number 60040714 . abbreviated to Acta Palaeontol published Academy of Sciences with the ISSN number 60040714 .
DeMarce short stories in the Grantville gazettes preceded 1634 The Bavarian Crisis was written by Virginia DeMarce and Eric Flint .
A.S. Roma &apos; s chairman is James Pallotta who was born in Boston .
200 Public Square Ohio .
are the . the League in which AZAL who have 3500 members also played in 2014 . the AZAL have 3500 members also played in . the AZAL have 3500 also played in .
Amsterdam - Centrum is part of Amsterdam the city where . part the city where .
Asser Levy Public Baths are in Brooklyn , New York City part of New Netherland -RRB- .
written . was preceded by 1634 written .
Elliot a student was born on 23rd July . student 23rd July .
a Loyal Character Dancer is published are an . the US Americans are an group .
103 Colmore Row was designed by . the architect . who was born in Birmingham .
long Way is in .
a Fortress of Grey Ice which was by J.V. Jones `` and has 51969173 .
ACM Transactions on Systems . on Systems published by the Association Computing Machinery . York City .
11 diagonal Street is located in South Africa South Africans . Africa where white an ethnic . Africa where white an ethnic .
Ampara Hospital -LRB- bed count 476 -RRB- is located in Sri Lanka .
above the Veil written by Garth Nix , is available in hardcover and has the OCLC number 46451790 .
the Atatürk Monument is located in İzmir Turkey where the leader is Ahmet Davutoğlu and the currency is the lira .
the Baku Turkish Martyrs Memorial designed by Huseyin Butuner Hilmi Guner is made from red granite and white marble , and to the . made , is to the Ottoman Army Soldiers in the Battle of Baku . made , is to the Ottoman Army Soldiers . made , is to the Ottoman Army Soldiers in the Baku . the Baku Turkish Martyrs designed by Huseyin Butuner Hilmi Guner is made from red granite and white marble , and to the .
founded Springer Science and Business Media the publisher of Abhandlungen aus . founded Springer Science and Business Media the publisher of Abhandlungen aus dem Mathematischen Seminar Hamburg .
bean -LRB- born on 1932 03 15 graduated .
the Atatürk Monument -LRB- İzmir -RRB- found in Turkey where the currency is the Turkish Lira .
300 North LaSalle is located in Chicago , Illinois where Rahm Emanuel is a leader .
of the Asilomar . of the State .
Livorno Calcio are managed by Christian Panucci who is attached to the . club Genoa CFC .
the US based Mason School of Business are the current tenants of Alan B Miller Hall in Virginia which was designed by the architect Robert A M Stern .
a 1174 pages is in print has the OCLC number the ISBN number 0 7156 3648 0 . and 76798317 and .
the Dead Man &apos; s Plack is located in England whose capital is London the British Arabs are an English ethnic group .
Adare Manor designed and is located in Adare County Limerick .
city is in Addis .
has its ground is in Greece . has 69618 members its ground is in Greece .
the Atatürk Monument -LRB- İzmir -RRB- was inaugurated on July and can be found in Turkey where the title of the leader is President of Turkey .
and region called Amsterdam Noord .
in 1929 the 320 South Boston Building was completed with 22 floors and a height of 121.92 metres .
the 3Arena is located in Dublin which is a part of Leinster in the Republic of Ireland .
is the .
Dimitra Efxeinoupolis 1500 members its ground is located in the town of Efxeinoupoli .
a Glastonbury Romance the sequel to Wolf Solent was written by John Cowper who was from Shirley Derbyshire . a Glastonbury Romance the sequel to Wolf Solent was written by John Cowper who was from Shirley Derbyshire . a Glastonbury Romance the sequel to Wolf Solent was written by John Cowper who from Shirley Derbyshire .
England the language is spoken .
300 North has . LaSalle Chicago .
Narendra Modi and Sumitra Mahajan are leaders in India where Amdavad ni Gufa is located in Ahmedabad .
who Colwyn . the manager of AFC Fylde is . the manager of AFC Fylde is . is at .
the current tenants of Alan Hall .
`` The Secret Scriptures published by Faber and Faber followed A Long , Long Way .
a Loyal Character Dancer was written by Qiu Xiaolong and published in hardcover .
Wizard of .
Alan Bean joined NASA and became a crew member of Apollo 12 along with Alfred Worden and David .
above the Veil written by Garth Nix is pages long and available in hardcover .
the 11th Mississippi Infantry Monument established in 2000 was built at Seminary Ridge Pennsylvania USA and is a contributing property .
the Ampara Hospital is situated in the Ampara District Eastern Province state of Sri Lanka where the leader is Austin Fernando .
Alan B Miller Hall -LRB- which was inaugurated on 2009 10 02 -RRB- has the address `` 101 Ukrop .
William Anders born on 1933 10 - 17 in British Hong Kong -RRB- . William Anders Kong retired on 1969 09 01 date . William Anders Kong retired on 1969 09 01 date .
Alan Bean was born was . . . . . . Alan Bean was born on March 15 1932 and alma was UT Austin BS . . . . . . . . . . . . . . .
ACF Fiorentina -LRB- . ACF Fiorentina -LRB- . full name being . ACF Fiorentina -LRB- ACF Fiorentina S.p A. -RRB- has 47290 members .
in 1985 in the United States 200 Public floors . . 200 Public has . public floors meters . floors and floor area of 111484 .
the manager of 1 FC Jens whose club is Berliner AK 07 Sachsen Leipzig . Jens represented FC Sachsen .
Acharya Institute in Bangalor has 700 post graduate students and is located in Soldevanahalli Acharya Dr. Sarvapalli Radhakrishnan Road Hessarghatta Main Road Bangalore 560090 .
Adisham Hall where the leader is Ranil Wickremesinghe . Hall leader is Ranil Wickremesinghe .
3Arena is located in North Wall Dublin and is by Live Nation Entertainment .
is located in which is part of Munster . in County which is part of Munster .
number 1473 5571 comes under the academic discipline HIV . comes under the academic discipline HIV .
St. Terrace . Georges in Perth , Australia has 50 floors .
is senator of California the state the found and the state 14 died in . California the found 14 died in .
a Glastonbuy Romance is published .
chairman of A.S. Roma .
is located in the region of Ampara District Eastern Province which is lead by Austin Fernando .
Adare Manor was designed . manor in Adare County Limerick was designed .
retired Buzz . American Aldrin as .
. 3 Arena designed by the populous company was completed in December 2008 is located at East Link Bridge . 3 Arena designed by the populous company was completed in December 2008 is located . located at East Link Bridge .
Alcatraz Versus the Evil Librarians has the 9 . ISBN number 0 439 . ISBN 439 the genre .
the AIDS journal was published in the United Kingdom where the English language is spoken .
the manager of A.F.C. Blackpool Stuart Parker -LRB- footballer -RRB- who played for both Chesterfield FC and Bury FC .
the Accademia di Architettura di Mendrisio 100 staff . di Architettura di Mendrisio 100 staff . Architettura Mendrisio in 1996 . Mendrisio has . Architettura Mendrisio was in . Mendrisio Switzerland .
A.C. Cesena is Stadio Dino Manuzzi have members .
in India southeast of Mahe India .
PFK were in the Azerbaijan Premier League in 2014 15 and have 3500 members . Azerbaijan Premier League in 2014 15 have 3500 members .
is manager . , plays for Maccabi Aviv InterMilan club Team . , plays for Maccabi Aviv the Portugal National Football Team .
200 Public Square which has a floor count of 45 is located in Cleveland Ohio 44114 .
Alan Shepard who 18th . who was born in New Hampshire July 1998 . was born in New Hampshire on 18th 1923 died California on 21st July 1998 .
Japan home is home to .
English and one the ethnic groups the Asian .
by Cyril Ramaphosa and Jacob Zuma , South Africa has the capital Cape Town and is location of the address .
is found in Adare County Limerick .
has been AEK Athens FC has also for Chelsea F.C. . Athens been for Chelsea F.C. . Athens a player for Chelsea F.C. .
footballer Stuart Parker was at Blackburn Rovers FC he is a member of the Chesterfield F.C. and currently manages A.F.C. Blackpool .
the Akita Museum of Art is located has group .
monument County , Pennsylvania , has Carrol county to its southeast and Cumberland county to its north . monument , has Carrol county to its southeast and Cumberland county to its north . its southeast and Cumberland to north .
the United States architect Winkler .
the orange and has Outlook Ranking of 63 .
the Atatürk Monument is located in Izmir Turkey the capital is Ankara .
ACM Transactions on . an LCCN number . on Information Systems ACM . an LCCN number .
editor of AIP Advances he States . of AIP Advances he States .
is the of .
20 Fenchurch Street was completed in April 2014 and has a of . floor area .
the A.E Dimitra Efxeinoupolis club is located .
the Acharya Institute of Technology in Bangalore is affiliated with Visvesvaraya Technological University .
English is spoken , . great written in English Soho in the United States .
is the Birmingham City Council and Andrew Mitchell . .
the Irish book The Secret Scripture followed the book `` A Long Way which is written in English -LRB- the language of . the Irish book The Secret Scripture followed `` A Long .
Adisham Hall was completed in 1931 and is located in Sri Lanka .
a historic district . a in the United States .
followed book Aenir .
an ethnic group of Asian . group of Asian South Africans . by Cyril Ramaphosa , South Africa is location of has the capital . 11 diagonal Street . by Cyril Ramaphosa , South Africa is location of has the capital of Cape Town . 11 diagonal Street .
is published by Wiley Blackwell , on behalf of the Society for the Study of Addiction . is Wiley , on behalf of .
the novel `` Into Veil .
the Ram Rebellion was written by Eric Flint and can be found in hardcover . .
11 diagonal Street is located in South Africa where of South Africa ethnic groups the white South Africans and the Coloured .
African are . African are an ethnic . group . 1634 The Ram Rebellion was written .
St Louis on 28 / 02 / 1966 .
dead was a test pilot . was awarded Distinguished Service from the U.S. Navy an award is than the Department of Medal . was a test . was awarded Distinguished Service from the U.S. Navy an award that the Department of . was awarded the Distinguished Service Medal from . service Medal from .
ethnic and English is spoken like in Great Britain .
Amharic the language of Ethiopia which is led by location of Addis .
the 1 Decembrie 1918 University is in Alba Iulia Alba County .
is the architect of Asilomar Conference Grounds and Chinatown in San Francisco .
was born in British Kong , member . served as and was a member of 8 . a test pilot .
the American Journal of Mathematics was published .
John van den Brom , manager of AZ Alkmaar , is in Vitesse Arnhem .
Aldrin who retired on July 1st 1971 , once spent 52 minutes in outer space .
led London . is Elizabeth II -RRB- . is home to the British .
Akita Museum of Art located in Akita Prefecture is found in Japan .
1634 written .
Asser Levy Public Baths in Manhattan were constructed in 1904 .
the Acharya Institute of Technology in Bangalore Karnataka was given with the Visvesvaraya .
AC Hotel Bella Copenhagen which 23 floors is owned by Bella Center .
in Avenue A in Manhatten Asser Levy Public Baths built . baths was in 1904 and added to the National Register Historic on 1980 / 04 / 23 with the reference . .
Addis Stadium .
has the OCLC number 8805735 .
the Baku Turkish Martyrs Memorial was designed by Huseyin Butuner and Guner , and is located in Azerbaijan where it is called Turk Sehitleri Aniti .
1 FC Magdeburg has 27250 members and in the 2014 15 season they in the Regionalliga . 1 in the 2014 15 in the .
1634 The .
is located in Haputale Sri Lanka where Ranil Wickremesinghe is one of the countries leaders and Sri Jayawardenepura Kotta is the capital city .
is the . the published . the A Wizard of Mars originates from and is ethnic African Americans .
A.D. Isidro Metapan in the Salvadoran Primera Division is located in Metapan , El Salvador . the Salvadoran Division .
the Addis Ababa City is in Addis Ababa .
business and Sciences .
a Loyal Character Dancer is published capital .
Pennsylvania to its west , Cumberland County to its north and Carrol County Maryland to its southeast . County , Pennsylvania Franklin County to its .
Adare is in Adare Munster in County Limmerick .
Alcatraz Versus the Evil Librarians is from The United States . English the language spoken in Great Britain .
Alan Bean -LRB- born 1932 03 15 -RRB- &apos; s alma mater was UT Austin B.S. 1955 .
Marriott International with Bill Marriott as a key leader is . leader Hotel Bella .
the Institute of Technology , is with the Visvesvaraya Technological University and sports offered . International Tennis Federation . is with the Technological University and sports offered .
AIP Advances -LRB- to AIP Adv has the impact factor 1.524 .
is by Above the Veil and the .
.
AIP Advances to AIP Adv -RRB- was edited . AIP Adv -RRB- was edited . -RRB- Crespi .
administrative Science Quarterly -LRB- abbreviated to admin Sci Q a LLCN of 57059226 .
currency the Sri Lankan rupee . Sri Lankan rupee .
graduated the University .
Lippincott Williams Wilkins are the publishers of AIDS -LRB- -RRB- Walters . Lippincott Williams Wilkins are the publishers of AIDS -LRB- -RRB- . journal they are based in the United States Walters . company Walters Kluwer .
publishes the . administrative Science Quarterly . in Ithaca and is affiliated with the Association of Public and Land grant Universities and publishes the Administrative Science Quarterly .
AIDS journal is from the United Kingdom where the leader David Cameron .
in Bethesda .
located in South Africa .
and .
a Fortress has an . ISBN number of 0 7653 0633 6 .
`` The Secret Scripture followed the book `` A Long Way which was preceded by `` Annie Dunne .
Peter Stoger manager for the FC Koln was also FC well as FK Austria Wien Soccer Club . was a part of FC Admira Modling and Favoritner AC well .
by Viking Press Irish . Viking Press the Irish novel A and followed by Secret Scripture . long Way was preceded by Annie Dunne . Viking Press Irish novel A Long Way was preceded by Annie Dunne and followed by Secret Scripture . long by Annie Dunne .
Texas in Austin and chosen by has in .
the OCLC number of A Long Way and the The ISBN . number is 0 .
Riverside Art Musuem .
ridge graduated from MIT with a Sc . a fighter pilot .
Switzerland is the location of the Accademia di Architettura which has 600 students and is based in the city of Mendrisio Ticino . the location Accademia Architettura has . Architettura based in city of Mendrisio Ticino . the location Accademia di Architettura .
the American Journal of Mathematics abbreviated to Am J. Math whose academic discipline is Mathematics has ISSN No 1080 6377 .
Alan B by Mary was June . College of William and Mary .
has a area .
Prime Minister Klaus Iohannis leads the country . Prime Minister Klaus Iohannis leads the country of Romania which . has `` Desteapta te Romane . `` the 1 .
has 70634 members and have a ground in Rome . members have a ground in Rome .
is one leader of South Africa where Asian South Africans reside at 11 diagonal Street . is one .
Californian born Julia Morgan designed significant buildings in Chinatown San Francisco and also the Asilomar Conference Grounds .
A. play a league .
Acta Palaeontologica Polonica -LRB- of Sciences . Acta Palaeontologica Polonica of Sciences CODEN code . Acta Palaeontologica Polonica -LRB- Acta by Polish Academy of Sciences the LCCN number 60040714 and CODEN code .
Marriott International rents the . AC Hotel Bella Sky Copenhagen is in Denmark . AC Bella Copenhagen is in Denmark .
the location of Asilomar . historic Places .
ACM Transactions on Information Systems an to INF .
tenants AFC the Ajax . tenants AFC -LRB- amateurs -RRB- and the Ajax Youth Academy .
ethnic groups . ethnic is .
published A . long Way comes from Ireland where an ethnic group is white people .
and other significant buildings including the Riverside Art Museum . significant buildings Riverside Art Museum . Riverside Art Museum .
a Wizard of . Mars Published a country where one of the ethnic groups is African . Mars Published where is .
the Mason School of Business in the US are currently tenants of the Robert A M Stern designed Alan B Miller Hall .
the School of Business and Social Sciences at theAarhus University in Aarhus Denmark has 737 academic staff and 16,000 students .
a Wizard of Mars is written in English a language in Great Britain .
250 Delaware Avenue is in Buffalo which is part of New York .
the higher rank of Department of Commerce Gold Medal Alan Shepard got one of .
preceded by . 1634 The Ram Rebellion .
were 15 .
the Dean of Accademia di Architettura di Mario Botto and the staff size of 100 people . the Dean staff size .
the Veil was written by Garth Nix and printed with the OCLC number 46451790 .
was at club . club ASD .
20 Fenchurch Street was completed in April 2014 and has 34 floors .
Eric born in Burbank California wrote 1634 The Ram Rebellion .
AWH Engineering College was established in 2001 , and is located in the city of Kuttikkattoor , India , where the Ganges River is also located .
for Virtus Entella .
the 11th Mississippi Infantry Monument in Pennsylvania was completed in 2000 and is categorized as a contributing property .
Aldrin who was a fighter pilot a crew member on Apollo 11 .
Buzz Aldrin was born on the 20th January 1030 in Glen Ridge New Jersey .
the AIDS journal which studies HIV AIDS has the ISSN number 0269 9370 .
the Republic of Ireland , led by Edna Kenny and home the Irish is Manor . where the currency the euro home to Adare . the currency home . of Ireland , led by Edna Kenny and home the Irish where the currency is the euro is home to Adare Manor .
Delaware Avenue is . the States .
Cornell University is the publisher of Administrative Science Quarterly affiliated with of American Universities of Public and Land grant Universities is in Ithaca New York .
11 having served as a . fighter pilot .
Ababa City Hall with a 140000.0 -LRB- square metres -RRB- floor area was completed in 1964 .
Brazil &apos; s Campeonato by Vica . Brazil &apos; s C league .
LCCN Acta Math Hungar . has the .
Ampara Hospital is located in Eastern Province of Sri Lanka which is led by Ranil Wickremesinghe has the rupee as currency and the capital is Sri Jayawardenepura .
.
1 June 2009 .
Elliot See deceased competed in the Big 12 Conference and graduated from University of Texas at Austin which is affiliated with University of Texas System .
Adisham Hall Haputale was completed in 1931 .
St. Louis that used to be a part of the kingdom of France and is Francis G. . St. Louis that used to be a part of the kingdom of France and is Francis G. .
language is spoken .
is in Blackpool . Blackpool which Labour . football club . , whose football club Stockport is attached to .
Alan Shepard was born in New Hampshire of the awarded the . American Defense Service ribbon . Shepard was born in New Hampshire Chief of the Astronaut Office in 1963 being awarded the . American Defense Service ribbon .
Delaware Avenue is in Buffalo .
born in British Hong Kong retired Sept 1st 1969 . British Hong retired Sept 1st 1969 .
Acta which can be abbreviated to Acta Palaeontol Pol is academically focused on Paleontology .
a Long Way written .
fighter pilot Buzz Aldrin who was born on January 20 1930 was a of Apollo 11 &apos; s crew .
Drago manages he . manages Cesena he once also was a player Castrovillari . manages Cesena he once also was Castrovillari .
has been of 1 Magdeburg but .
a hardcover copy of A Glastonbury Romance is available with the ISBN number 0 7156 3648 0 .
a severed Wasp in print has 388 pages and has an ISBN number of `` 0 .
the manager of AFC Ajax manager is de Boer . de Boer who is also attached the . club FC Barcelona .
Buzz Aldrin , real name Eugene .
from the United States where the leader is known as the President groups the African Americans . the Ram Rebellion comes from the United States where .
the current .
-RRB- was .
San Francisco . born architect Julia Morgan designed the grounds of Asilomar Conference as well as the significant buildings Riverside Art Museum . designed the grounds . Julia Morgan Asilomar Conference as well as the significant buildings of Art Museum Beach . designed the grounds . architect Julia Morgan of Asilomar Conference as well as the significant buildings of Riverside Art Museum . designed the grounds . designed Asilomar Conference . significant buildings .
11 diagonal Street is located in South Africa Cape Town and the leader is Jacob Zuma of the White South Africans .
the hardcover A severed Wasp was assigned the OCLC number 8805735 .
Marriott International is AC . hotel has 23 floors .
the AIDS journal which came from the United Kingdom in the reign of Elizabeth II was published by Lippincott Williams and Wilkins .
a severed Wasp published in hardback has the number 0 374 26131 8 . .
the Institute of affiliated Visvesvaraya Technological University .
in 1985 200 Public Square has 45 floors covering . 111484 square metres .
Rolando Maran in the Vicenza Calcio club has managed AC Chievo Verona .
AFC Blackpool a footballer . Chesterfield FC .
is the architect of completed in with 20 floors .
