one side of the armed conflicts is composed mainly of the Sudanese military and the Janjaweed , a Sudanese militia group recruited mostly from the Afro-Arab Abbala tribes of the northern from region in Sudan . 
Jeddah is the principal gateway to Mecca , Islam &apos; s holiest city , which Eighty Years Muslims are required to visit at least once in their lifetime . 
the Great Dark Spot is thought to represent a hole in the methane cloud deck of Neptune . 
his next work , Saturday , follows an especially eventful day in the life of a neurosurgeon . 
the Tarantula , the trickster character , spun a black cord and , attaching it to the ball , crawled away fast to the east , pulling on the cord with all his strength . 
there he died six weeks later , on 13 January 888 . 
they are culturally akin to the coastal peoples of Papua New Guinea . 
since 2000 , the recipient of the Kate Greenaway Medal has also been presented with the Colin Mears Award to the value of £ 5000 . 
following the drummers are dancers , who often play the sogo ( a tiny drum that makes almost no sound ) and tend to have more elaborate — even acrobatic — choreography . 
the spacecraft consists of two main elements : the NASA Cassini orbiter , named after the French astronomer Giovanni Domenico Cassini , and the ESA Huygens probe , named after the Dutch astronomer , mathematician and physicist Christiaan Huygens . 
Alessandro ( &quot; Sandro &quot; ) Mazzola ( born 8 November 1942 ) is an Italian former football player . 
it was originally thought that the debris thrown up by the collision filled in the smaller craters . 
Graham attended Wheaton College from 1939 to 1943 , when he graduated with a BA in anthropology . 
however , the BZÖ differs a bit in comparison to the Freedom Party , as is in favor of a referendum about the Lisbon Treaty but against an EU-Withdrawal . 
many species had vanished by the end of the nineteenth century , with European settlement . 
in 1987 Wexler was inducted into the Rock and Roll Hall of Fame . 
in its pure form , dextromethorphan occurs as a white powder . 
admission to Tsinghua is extremely competitive . 
today NRC is organised as an independent , private foundation . 
it is situated at the coast of the Baltic Sea , where it encloses the city of Stralsund . 
he was also named 1982 &quot; `` Sportsman of the Year &quot; by Sports Illustrated . 
Fives is a British sport believed to derive from the same origins as many racquet sports . 
for example , King Bhumibol was born on Monday , so on his birthday throughout Thailand will be decorated with yellow color . 
both names became defunct in 2007 when they were merged into The National Museum of Scotland . 
nevertheless , Tagore emulated numerous styles , including craftwork from northern New Ireland , Haida carvings from the west coast of Canada ( British Columbia ) , and woodcuts by Max Pechstein . 
on October 14 , 1960 , Presidential candidate John F. Kennedy proposed the concept of what became the Peace Corps on the steps of Michigan Union . 
she performed for President Reagan in 1988 &apos; s Great is at the White House series , which aired on the Public Broadcasting Service . 
Perry Saturn ( with Terri ) defeated Eddie Guerrero ( with Chyna ) to win the WWF European Championship ( 8 : 10 ) Saturn pinned Guerrero after a Diving elbow drop . 
she remained in the United States until 1927 when she and her husband returned to France . 
Despina was discovered in late July , 1989 from the images taken by the Voyager 2 probe . 
the first Italian Grand Prix motor racing championship took place on 4 September 1921 at Brescia . 
he also completed two collections of short stories entitled The Ribbajack &amp; Other Curious yarns are and Seven Strange and ghostly Tales . 
at the Voyager 2 images Ophelia appears as an elongated object , the major axis pointing towards Uranus . 
the British decided to eliminate him and take the land by force . 
some towns on the Eyre Highway in the south-east corner of Western Australia , between the South Australian border almost as far as Caiguna , do not follow official Western Australian time . 
in architectural decoration Small pieces of colored and iridescent shell have been used to create mosaics and inlays which have been used to decorate walls , furniture and boxes . 
the other incorporated cities on the Palos Verdes Peninsula include Rancho Palos Verdes , Rolling Hills Estates and Rolling Hills . 
fearing that Drek will destroy the galaxy , Clank asks Ratchet to help him find the famous superhero Captain Qwark , in an effort to stop Drek . 
it is not actually a true louse . 
he advocates applying a user-centered design process in product development cycles and also works towards popularizing interaction design as a mainstream discipline . 
it is theoretically possible that the other editors who may have reported you , and the administrator who blocked you , are part of a conspiracy against someone half a world away they &apos; ve never met in person . 
working Group I : on scientific aspects of the climate system and climate change . 
the island chain forms part of the Hebrides , separated from the Scottish mainland and from the Inner Hebrides by the stormy waters of the Minch , the Little Minch and the Sea of the Hebrides . 
Orton and his wife welcomed Alanna Marie Orton on July 12 , 2008 . 
formal minor planet designations are number-name combinations overseen by the Minor Planet Center , a branch of the IAU . 
by early on September 30 , wind shear began to dramatically increase and a weakening trend began . 
each entry has a datum ( a nugget of data ) which is a copy of the datum in some backing store . 
as a result , although many mosques will not enforce violations , both men and women when attending a mosque must adhere to these guidelines . 
Mariel of Redwall is a fantasy novel by Brian Jacques , published in 1991 . 
Ryan Prosser ( born 10 July , 1988 ) is a professional rugby union player for Bristol Rugby in the Guinness Premiership . 
like previous assessment reports , it consists of four reports , three of them from its working groups . 
their granddaughter Hélène Langevin-Joliot is a professor of nuclear physics at the University of Paris , and their grandson Pierre Joliot , who was named after Pierre Curie , is a noted biochemist . 
this stamp remained the standard letter stamp for the remainder of Victoria &apos; s reign , and vast quantities were printed . 
the International Fight League was an American mixed martial arts ( MMA ) promotion billed as the world &apos; s first MMA league . 
if lamblia ( synonymous with Lamblia intestinalis and if duodenalis ) is a they protozoan parasite that colonises grasslands , including and reproduces in the small intestine , causing giardiasis . 
aside from this , Cameron has often worked in Christianity-related movies , among them the post-Rapture films Left Behind : the Movie , Left Behind II : tribulation Force , and Left Behind : World at War , in which he plays Cameron &quot; Buck &quot; Williams . 
this was the area east of the mouth of the Vistula River , later sometimes called &quot; Prussia proper &quot; . 
after graduation he returned to Yerevan to teach at the local Conservatory and later he was appointed artistic director of the Armenian Philarmonic Orchestra . 
the story of Christmas is based on the biblical accounts given in the Gospel of Matthew , namely - and the Gospel of Luke , specifically - . 
Weelkes was later to find himself in trouble with the Chichester Cathedral authorities for his heavy drinking and bad Behavior . 
so far the &apos; celebrity &apos; episodes have included Vic Reeves , Nancy Sorrell , Gaby Roslin , Scott Mills , Mark Chapman , Simon Gregson , Sue Cleaver , Carol Thatcher , Paul O &apos; Grady and Lee Ryan . 
it was discovered by Stephen P. Synnott in images from the Voyager 1 space probe taken on March 5 , 1979 while orbiting around Jupiter . 
Gomaespuma was a Spanish radio show , hosted by Juan Luis Cano and Guillermo Fesser . 
on 16 June 2009 , the official release date of The Resistance was announced on the band &apos; s website . 
he is also a member of another Jungiery boyband 183 Club . 
the Apostolic ) Tradition , attributed to the theologian Hippolytus , attests the singing of Hallel psalms with Alleluia as the refrain in early Christian agape feasts . 
in return , Rollo swore put his seal to Charles , converted to Christianity , and undertook to defend the northern region of France against the incursions of other Viking groups . 
it is derived from Voice of America ( VoA ) Special English . 
Disney received a full-size Oscar statuette and seven miniature ones , presented to him by 10-year-old child actress Shirley Temple . 
it was the first asteroid to be discovered by a spacecraft . 
