one side of the armed conflicts is composed mainly of the Sudanese military and the Janjaweed , a Sudanese militia group recruited mostly from the Afro-Arab Abbala tribes of the northern Rizeigat region in Sudan .
Jeddah is the main gateway to Mecca , Islam &apos; s holiest city .
the Great Dark Spot is thought to represent a hole in the methane cloud deck of Neptune .
his next work , Saturday , follows an especially eventful day in the life of a successful neurosurgeon .
the doves , the trickster character , spun a black cord and , attaching it to the ball , crawled away fast to the east , pulling on the cord with all his strength .
there he died six weeks later , on 13 January 888 .
they are called the coastal peoples of Papua New Guinea .
since 2000 , the recipient of the Kate Greenaway Medal has also been presented with the Colin Mears Award to the value of £ 5000 .
following the drummers are dancers , who often play the sogo ( a tiny drum that makes almost no sound ) and tend to have more elaborate — choreography .
the spacecraft consists of two main elements : the NASA Cassini orbiter , named after the Italian-French astronomer Giovanni Domenico Cassini .
Alessandro ( &quot; Sandro &quot; ) Mazzola ( born 8 November 1942 ) is an Italian former football player .
it was originally thought that the debris thrown up by the collision filled in the smaller craters .
Graham attended Wheaton College from 1939 to 1943 .
however , the BZÖ differs a bit in comparison to the Freedom Party , as is in favor of a referendum about the Lisbon Treaty but against an EU-Withdrawal .
many species had vanished by the end of the nineteenth century , with European settlement .
in 1987 Wexler was inducted into the Rock and Roll Hall of Fame .
in its pure form , dextromethorphan occurs as a white powder .
admission to Tsinghua is extremely competitive .
today NRC is organised as an independent , private foundation .
it is at the coast of the Baltic Sea , where it encloses the city of Stralsund .
he was also named 1982 &quot; Sportsman of the Year &quot; by Sports Illustrated .
Fives is a British sport believed to come from the same origins as many racquet sports .
for example , King Bhumibol was born on Monday , so on his birthday throughout Thailand will be decorated with yellow color .
both names became defunct in 2007 when they were merged into The National Museum of Scotland .
nevertheless , Tagore emulated numerous styles , including craftwork from northern New Ireland , Haida carvings from the west coast of Canada ( British Columbia ) , and woodcuts by Max Pechstein .
on October 14 , 1960 , Presidential candidate John F. Kennedy proposed the concept of what became the Peace Corps on the steps of Michigan .
she performed for President Reagan in 1988 &apos; s Great Performances at the White House series , which aired on the Public Broadcasting Service .
Perry Saturn ( with Terri ) defeated Eddie Guerrero ( with Chyna ) to win the WWF European Championship ( 8 : 10 ) Saturn pinned Guerrero after a Diving elbow drop .
she remained in the United States until 1927 when she and her husband returned to France .
Despina was discovered in late July , 1989 from the images taken by the Voyager 2 probe .
the first Italian Grand Prix motor racing championship took place on 4 September 1921 at Brescia .
he also completed two collections of short stories entitled The Ribbajack &amp; Other Curious yarns and Seven Strange and ghostly Tales .
at the Voyager 2 images Ophelia appears as an elongated object , the major axis pointing towards Uranus .
the British decided to eliminate him and take the land by force .
some towns on the Eyre Highway in the south-east corner of Western Australia , between the South Australian border almost as far as Caiguna , do not follow official Western Australian time .
in architectural decoration Small pieces of colored and iridescent shell have been used to create mosaics and inlays , which have been used to decorate walls , furniture and boxes .
the other incorporated cities on the Palos Verdes Peninsula include Rancho Palos Verdes , Rolling Hills Estates and Rolling Hills .
Clank will destroy the galaxy .
it is not actually a true louse .
he advocates applying a user-centered design process in product development cycles and also works towards popularizing interaction design as a mainstream discipline .
it is possible that the other editors who may have reported you , and the administrator who blocked you , are part of a conspiracy against someone half a world away they &apos; ve never met in person .
working Group I : Assesses scientific aspects of the climate system and climate change .
the island chain forms part of the Hebrides , separated from the Scottish mainland and from the Inner Hebrides by the stormy waters of the Minch , the Little Minch and the Sea of the Hebrides .
Orton and his wife welcomed Alanna Marie Orton on July 12 , 2008 .
it is a branch of the IAU .
by early on September 30 , wind shear began to dramatically increase and a weakening trend began .
each entry has a datum ( a nugget of data ) which is a copy of the datum in some backing store .
as a result , many mosques will not enforce violations , both men and women when attending a mosque must adhere to these guidelines .
Mariel of Redwall is a fantasy novel by Brian Jacques , published in 1991 .
Ryan Prosser ( born 10 July 1988 ) is a professional rugby player .
like previous assessment reports , it consists of four reports , three of them from its working groups .
their granddaughter Hélène Langevin-Joliot is a professor of nuclear physics at the University of Paris .
this stamp remained the standard letter stamp for the remainder of Victoria &apos; s reign , and vast quantities were printed .
the International Fight League was an American mixed martial arts .
Giardia lamblia ( synonymous with Lamblia intestinalis and Giardia duodenalis ) is a flagellated protozoan parasite that colonises and reproduces in the small intestine , causing giardiasis .
the Movie , Left Behind II : tribulation Force , and Left Behind : World at War , in which he plays Cameron &quot; Buck &quot; Williams .
this was the area east of the mouth of the Vistula River , later sometimes called &quot; Prussia proper &quot; .
after graduation he returned to Yerevan to teach at the local Conservatory and later he was appointed artistic director of the Armenian Philarmonic Orchestra .
the story of Christmas is based on the biblical accounts given in the Gospel of Matthew , namely - and the Gospel of Luke , specifically - .
Weelkes was later to find himself in trouble with the Chichester Cathedral authorities for his heavy drinking and immoderate Behaviour .
so far the &apos; celebrity &apos; episodes have included Vic Reeves , Nancy Sorrell , Gaby Roslin , Scott Mills , Mark Chapman , Simon Gregson , Sue Cleaver , Carol Thatcher , Paul O &apos; Grady and Lee Ryan .
it was found by Stephen P. Synnott in images from the Voyager 1 space probe taken on March 5 , 1979 while orbiting around Jupiter .
Gomaespuma was a Spanish radio show , hosted by Juan Luis Cano and Guillermo Fesser .
on June 16 , 2009 , the official release date of The Resistance was announced on the band &apos; s website .
he is also a member of another Jungiery boyband 183 Club .
the Apostolic Lama , attributed the singing of Hallel psalms with Alleluia as the refrain in early Christian agape feasts .
in return , Rollo swore fealty to Charles , converted to Christianity , and undertook to defend the northern region of France against the raids of other Viking groups .
it is derived from Voice of America ( VoA ) Special English .
Disney received a full-size Oscar statuette and seven miniature ones , presented to him by 10-year-old child actress Shirley Temple .
it was the first asteroid to be discovered by a spacecraft .
