one side of the armed conflicts is composed mainly of the Sudanese military and the Janjaweed , a Sudanese militia group recruited from the Afro-Arab Abbala tribes of the northern Rizeigat region in Sudan .
Jeddah is the main gateway to Mecca .
it is thought to be a hole in the methane cloud deck of Neptune .
his next work , Saturday , follows a especially day in the life of a successful neurosurgeon .
the tarantula , the trickster character , spun a black cord and , expressing it to the ball , crawled away fast to the east , pulling on the cord with all his strength .
there he died six weeks later .
they are culturally akin to the coastal communities of Papua New Guinea .
since 2000 , the recipient of the Kate Greenaway Medal has also been presented with the Colin Mears Award to the value of 5000 5000 .
following the drummers are dancers , who often play the sogo ( a tiny drum that makes almost no sound ) and tend to have more elaborate — even acrobatic — dances .
the spacecraft has two main elements : the NASA Cassini orbiter , named after the Italian-French astronomer Giovanni Stephenson Cassini , and the ESA Huygens probe , named after the Dutch astronomer , mathematician and physicist Christiaan Huygens .
Alessandro ( &quot; Sandro &quot; ) ( born 8 November 1942 ) is an Italian football player .
it was originally thought that the debris jumped up by the collision filled in the smaller craters .
Graham graduated from Wheaton College from 1939 to 1943 , when he graduated with a BA in anthropology .
however , the BZÖ is in favor of a referendum about the Lisbon Treaty .
many species had gone by the end of the 19th century , with European settlement .
Wexler was inducted into the Rock and Roll Hall of Fame in 1987 .
it is a white powder .
admission to salamanders is very competitive .
today it is an independent , private foundation , and the largest city in the world .
it is located at the coast of the Baltic Sea , where it encloses the city of Stralsund .
he was also named 1982 &quot; Sportsman of the Year &quot; by Sports Illustrated .
Fives is a British sport believed to come from the same origins as many racket sports .
King Bhumibol was born on Monday .
both names became obsolete in 2007 when they were merged into The National Museum of Scotland .
nevertheless , Tagore dominated many styles , including craftwork from northern New Ireland , Haida carvings from the west coast of Canada ( British Columbia ) , and woodcuts by Max Pechstein .
on October 14 , 1960 , Senator John F. Kennedy proposed the idea of what became the Peace Corps on the steps of Michigan Union .
she played for President Reagan in 1988 &apos; s Great Performances at the White House series , which aired on the Public Broadcasting Service .
he won the World Championship ( 8 : 10 ) Saturn pinned Guerrero after a Diving elbow drop .
she was born in the United States until 1927 when she and her husband returned to France .
Despina was discovered in late July , 1989 from the pictures taken by the Voyager 2 probe .
the first Italian Grand Prix motor racing championship took place on September 4 , 1921 at Brescia .
he also completed two collections of short stories .
at the Voyager 2 images Ophelia appears as a elongated object , the major axis pointing towards Uranus .
the British tried to eliminate him and take the land by force .
some towns on the Eyre Highway in the west corner of Western Australia , between the South Australian border almost as far as Caiguna , do not follow official Western Australian time .
small pieces of colored and iridescent shell have been used to create mosaics and inlays .
it is on the Palos Verdes Peninsula include Rancho Palos Verdes and Rolling Hills .
the game is about the idea of the game , but the video game is called Captain Qwark .
it is also not actually a true louse .
he advocates using a user-centered design process in product development cycles and also works towards popularizing interaction design as a mainstream discipline .
it is possible possible that the other editors who may have reported you , are part of a conspiracy against someone half a world away they &apos; ve never met in person .
working Group I : Assesses scientific parts of the climate system and climate change .
the island chain forms part of the Hebrides , separated from the Scottish mainland and from the Inner Hebrides by the stormy , the Little Minch and the Sea of the Hebrides .
Orton and his wife welcomed Alanna - Marie Orton on July 12 , 2008 .
formal minor planet designations are number-name combinations managed by the Minor Planet Center , a branch of the IAU .
by early on September 30 , wind shear began to decrease and a weakening trend began .
each entry has a datum which is a copy of the datum in some backing store .
as a result , though many mosques will not enforce violations , both men and women when attending a mosque must adhere to these guidelines .
Mariel of Redwall is a fantasy novel by Brian Jacques published in 1991 .
Ryan Prosser ( born 10 July 1988 ) is a rugby union player for Bristol Rugby in the Guinness Premiership .
it has four reports , three of them from its working groups .
their Langevin-Joliot is a professor of nuclear physics at the University of Paris .
this stamp was the standard letter stamp for the remainder of Victoria &apos; s reign , and vast quantities were printed .
the International Fight League is an American mixed martial arts .
Giardia lamblia ( synonymous with Lamblia intestinalis and Giardia duodenalis ) is a flagellated protozoan parasite that colonises and venoms in the small intestine , causing giardiasis .
Cameron has often worked in Christian-themed productions , among them the post-Rapture films Left Behind : the Movie , Left Behind II : tribulation Force , and Left Behind : World at War .
it was the area east of the mouth of the Vistula River , later sometimes called &quot; Prussia proper &quot; .
after graduation he went back to Yerevan to teach at the local Conservatory and later he was appointed artistic director of the Armenian Philarmonic Orchestra .
the tale of Christmas is based on the Biblical accounts given in the Gospel of Matthew , namely - and the Gospel of Luke , specifically - .
Weelkes was later to find himself in trouble with the Chichester Cathedral authorities .
these include Vic Reeves , Nancy Sorrell , Gaby Roslin , Scott Mills , Simon Gregson , Simon Roslin , Carol Thatcher , Paul O &apos; Grady and Lee Ryan .
it was found by Stephen P. Synnott in pictures from the Voyager 1 space probe taken on March 5 , 1979 while orbiting around Jupiter .
Gomaespuma was a Spanish radio show hosted by Juan Luis Cano and Guillermo Fesser .
on 16 June 2009 , The Resistance was announced on the band &apos; s website .
he is also a member of another Jungiery boyband nymph Club .
. is the singing of Hallel Psalms with Alleluia .
in return , Rollo swore fealty to Charles , converted to Christianity , and undertook to defend the northern region of France against the abolition of other Viking groups .
it is made from Voice of America ( VoA ) Special English .
it was presented to him by 10-year-old children actress Shirley Temple .
the asteroid was the first asteroid to be found by a spacecraft .
Hinterrhein is an administrative district in the canton of Graubünden in Switzerland .
it is the Bohemian Switzerland .
this leads to consumer confusion when 220 ( 1,048,576 ) bytes is referenced as 1 MB ( megabyte ) instead of 1 MiB .
the event has been the subject of many reports as to ethics in scholarship .
they are aggressively so that the animal may be more nice or may put on weight more quickly .
seventh sons have strong &quot; knacks &quot; ( specific magical abilities ) , and 7th sons of seventh sons are both extraordinarily rare and powerful .
. conducted by PassMark Software highlights the 2009 version &apos; s 52 second installed time , 32 second scan time , and 7 MB memory .
Volterra is a town in the region of Tuscany .
there are many different types of pain in the world .
the tongue is sticky because of the presence of glycoprotein-rich frenulum , which both lubricates movement in and out of the snout and helps to catch ants and termites , which adhere to it .
the same tram had derailed on 30 May 2006 at Starr Gate loop .
there are statues of Sir Alf Ramsey and Sir Bobby Robson , both former Ipswich Town and England managers .
the square root of the variance is the square root of the variance .
volunteers provided food , blankets , water , children &apos; s toys , massages , and a live alternative band performance for those at the stadium .
Vouvray-sur-Huisne is a commune in the Sarthe department in the in northwestern France .
if there are no strong land use controls , buildings are built along a bypass , changing it into an ordinary town road , and the bypass may eventually become as busy as the local streets it was intended to avoid .
it is also a starting point for people wanting to explore Cooktown , Cape York Peninsula , and the Tableland .
. often cause pain but are not usually dangerous .
none of the authors , contributors , sponsors , administrators , vandals , or anyone else connected with Wikipedia , in any way , can be responsible for your use of the information contained in or linked from these web pages .
Handel also served as Kapellmeister for George , Elector of Hanover ( who eventually became George I of Great Britain ) .
their eyes are very small , and their visual acuity is poor .
they are rivaled and biological .
oregano is a very common ingredient in Greek cuisine .
tickets can be retailed for National Rail services , the Trans Light Railway and on Oyster card .
these works he produced and published himself , whilst his much larger Dulko were mostly commissioned work .
the historical method is the techniques and guidelines by which historians use primary sources and other evidence to research and then to write history .
the weight of the continental icecap sitting on top of lake Vostok is believed to contribute to the high oxygen concentration .
as of 2000 , the population is 89,148 .
Aliteracy is the state of being able to read but is uninterested in doing so .
. is a chemical compound used as a pharmaceutical .
it will then dislodge itself and sink back to the river bed to digest its food and wait for its next meal .
furthermore , research has shown children are less likely to report a crime if it involves someone that he or she knows , trusts , and / , or cares about .
today , Landis &apos; father has become a naturalized supporter of his son and regards himself as one of Floyd &apos; s biggest fans .
shortly after obtaining Category 4 status , the outer convection of the hurricane became ragged .
the equilibrium price for a certain type of labor is the workers .
they that the grounds were haunted , they decided to publish their findings in a book An Adventure ( 1911 ) .
he settled in London , devoting himself primarily to practical teaching .
Brunstad has many fast food restaurants , a cafeteria-style restaurant , coffee bar , and its own grocery store .
he left a group of 11,000 troops .
in 1438 Trevi passed under the temporal rule of the church as part of the legation of Perugia , and thenceforth its history merges first with that of the States of the Church , then ( 1860 ) with the united Kingdom of Italy .
the depression moved inland on the 20th as a circulation devoid of convection , and dissipated the next day over Brazil .
the New York City Housing Authority Department was a law enforcement agency .
the current lineup of the band are Flynn ( vocals , guitar ) , Duce ( bass ) , Phil Demmel ( guitar ) , and Dave McClain ( drums ) .
advocacy Countries with a minority Muslim population are more likely than Muslim countries of the Greater Middle East to use mosques as a way to encourage civic participation .
the characters are foul-mouthed extensions of the characters Pete and Dud .
Johan was also the original bassist of the Swedish power metal band HammerFall .
in 1998 , Culver ran for Iowa Secretary of State , and was victorious .
in 1990 Mark Messier took the Hart over Ray Bourque by a margin of two votes , the difference being a single first-place vote .
the story tells the story of the story of the book .
the female equivalent is a daughter of a daughter .
he was diagnosed with inoperable abdominal cancer in 1999 .
before the storm , the National Park Service closed visitor centers and campgrounds along the Outer Banks .
the form of chess played is speed chess in which each competitor has a total of 12 minutes for the whole game .
the Amazon Basin is the part of South America drained .
the two former presidents were later charged with mutiny and treason for their roles in the 1979 d &apos;état and the 1980 Gwangju massacre .
moderate to severe damage extended the Atlantic coastline .
because the owner tends to be unaware , these computers are metaphorically compared to 6000 .
the wave moved across the Atlantic , and organized into a tropical depression off the northern coast of Haiti on September 13 .
for example , the stylebook of the Associated Press is updated every year .
the Gospel of Matthew , Gospel of Mark , Gospel of Mark and Gospel of John , probably written between AD 65 and 100 ( see also the Gospel according to the Hebrews ) .
since the end of the nineteenth century Eschelbronn is well known for its furniture manufacturing industry .
the upper half also resembles the Coat of arms of the former district Oberbarnim .
unlike the clouds on Earth , however , which is composed of crystals of ice , Neptune &apos; s cirrus clouds are made up of crystals of frozen methane .
their tasks are limited until they reach legal adulthood .
development Stable releases are rare but there are often subversion snapshots which are stable enough to use .
finally in 1482 , the Order dispatched him to Florence , the ‘ city of his destiny ’ .
in the Soviet years , the Bolsheviks knocked down two of Rostov &apos; s principal landmarks - St Alexander Nevsky Cathedral ( 1908 ) and St George Cathedral in Nakhichevan ( 1783-1807 ) .
he died on May 29 , 1518 in Madrid , Spain and was buried in the church of San Benito d &apos; Alcantara .
it was demonstrated in the Miller-Urey experiment by Stanley L. Miller and Harold C. Urey in 1953 .
cogeneration is the use of a heat engine .
on occasion the male &quot; Den master &quot; will also allow a second male into the den ; the reason for this is unclear .
a Simple Wikipedia gadget is a JavaScript and / or a CSS snippet that can be enabled simply by checking an option in your Wikipedia preferences .
below is some useful links to facilitate your involvement .
he served as the Prime Minister of Egypt between 1945 and 1946 and again from 1946 and 1948 .
she was left behind ( explanations for this vary ) when the rest of the Sanhedrin were moved to the mainland .
James I made him a Gentleman of the Chapel Royal , where he served as an organist from at least 1615 until his death .
Chauvin was embarrassed to get his award and initially indicated that he may not accept it .
Esperanto is a language in the United Nations .
dry air wrapping over the southern periphery of the cyclone eroded most of the deep convection by early on September 12 .
Calvin Baker is an American novelist and a writer .
Eva Anna Paula Braun , died Eva Anna Paula Braun ( 6 February 1912 - 30 April 1945 ) was the wife of Adolf Hitler .
each version of the License is given a descriptive version number .
most IRC servers do not need to register an account but a user will have to set a nickname before being connected .
that same year he also got a mechanics certificate .
SummerSlam is an upcoming professional wrestling pay-per-view event produced by World Wrestling Entertainment ( WWE ) .
usually portrayed as being bald , with long whiskers , he is said to be an incarnation of the Southern Polestar .
a few animals have chromatic response , changing color in changing environments .
Val Venis defeated Rikishi in a Steel cage match to retain the WWF Intercontinental Championship ( 14 : 10 ) Venis pinned Rikishi after Carla hit Rikishi with a TV camera .
this closely resembles the software philosophy of having multiple programs each doing one thing well and working together over universal interfaces .
he came from a musical family ; his mother , LaRue , was an administrative assistant and singer .
the largest populations of Mennonites are in Canada , Democratic Republic of Congo and the United States , but Mennonites can also be found in tight-knit communities in at least 51 countries or scattered amongst the populace of those countries .
NAAS is a major &quot; Dublin town .
Acanthopholis &apos; s armour consisted of oval plates set almost horizontally into the skin , with spikes from the neck and shoulder area , along the spine .
1790 Irmo was chartered on Christmas Eve in 1890 in response to the opening of the Columbia , Newberry and Laurens Railroad .
conversely , bills proposed by the Law Commission and consolidation bills , start in the House of Lords .
in the years before his final release in 1474 , when he began preparations for the reconquest of Wallachia , Vlad grew up with his new wife in a house in the Hungarian capital .
you may add up to five words as a Front-Cover Text .
he was buried in the Restvale Cemetery in Alsip , Illinois .
bone marrow is the flexible tissue found in the hollow layer of bones .
paper nebulae are usually blue because the scattering is more efficient for blue light than red ( this is the same scattering process that gives us blue skies and red sunsets ) .
Monteux is a commune of the Vaucluse département in southern France in the area Provence-Alpes-Côte d &apos; Azur .
MacGruber starts asking for simple objects to make something to defuse the bomb , but he is later distracted by something ( usually involving his personal life ) .
Messiaen died of a heart attack in the battle of his death .
it is one of their holiest cities after Mecca , Medina , Jerusalem and Najaf .
the pad called for the resignation of the governments of Thaksin Shinawatra , Samak Sundaravej and Somchai Wongsawat , whom the pad blamed of being proxies for Thaksin .
however , travel through very remote areas , on isolated tracks , needs advance planning and a suitable , reliable vehicle ( usually a four wheel drive ) .
while at TBS he was chief architect for the Fisher Building in 1928 .
he asks himself because he has to leave for rehearsal , and he and Dr. Schön leave .
Britpop came from the British independent music scene of the early 1990s and was characterised by bands influenced by British guitar pop music of the 1960s and 1970s .
this was absorbed into battalions being formed for the XI International Brigade .
the Sheppard line currently has fewer users than the other two metro lines , and shorter trains are run .
it has a capacity of 98,772 .
in December , 1967 , the Ten boom was honored as one of the Righteous amongst the Nations by the State of Israel .
some articles are quite lengthy and rich in content while others are shorter ( possibly stubs ) and of lesser quality .
about 80 species are currently accepted .
Eugowra is said to be named after the indigenous Australian word meaning &quot; The place where the sand washes down the hill &quot; .
terms such &quot; for underwear and &quot; movie &quot; for &quot; moving picture &quot; are oft-heard term in English .
. draws its substance from public international law , war of laws , constitutional law and the powers of the executive and legislative branches of government to allocate resources to best serve the needs of its native society .
he followed this with several other pieces about Hiawatha : the Death of Minnehaha , betrays to The Song of Hiawatha and Hiawatha &apos; s Departure .
the capital of the state is Aracaju ( pop .
the idea of this was that Farrenc was paid less than her male counterparts for nearly 100 years .
Gumbasia was created in a style Vorkapich .
the lawyer , Brandon ( Waise Lee ) , became his idol .
ISBN 1-876429-14-3 is an historic town near Cowra in the central west of New South Wales , Australia .
in 2002 , Donaldson enlisted in the Australian Army .
the . from California , Europe and China were also digging along the Peel River and up the mountain slopes .
the most commonly used calculation tool in science and engineering .
the Kindle 2 features 16-level grayscale display , 20 percent faster page-refreshing , 20 percent faster page-refreshing , a text-to-speech option to read the text aloud , and overall thickness reduced from 0.8 to 0.36 inches ( 9.1 millimeters ) .
it is produced by bacterial fermentation of milk .
seventy-five defencemen are in the Hall of Fame , more than any other current position , while only 35 goaltenders have been added .
alternative views on the subject have been proposed throughout the centuries ( see below ) .
the album was banned by many record stores nationwide .
they are wide at the top , and narrow at the ankle .
in late 2004 , Suleman made headlines by cutting Howard Stern &apos; s radio show from 4 Citadel stations , citing Stern &apos; s frequent discussions regarding his upcoming move to Sirius Satellite Radio .
the company opened twice as many Canadian stores as McDonald &apos; s &quot; Wendy &apos; s confirms Wendy Hortons IPO by March &quot; , Ottawa Business Journal , December 1 , 2005 , and system-wide sales also surpassed those of McDonald &apos; s Canadian operations as of 2002 .
plot Captain Caleb Holt is a firefighter in Albany , Georgia .
he won the presidential election on March 2 , 2008 with 71.25 % of the popular vote .
it is considered a living fossil .
she was the only female entertainer to perform in Saudi Arabia .
in 1913 Stravinsky wrote the ballet in 1913 .
protests across the nation was suppressed .
Offenbach was very popular in France and the English-speaking world during the 1850s and 1860s .
Lucrezia tiles dating back to the Tang Dynasty with this symbol have been found west of the ancient city of Chang &apos; an ( modern-day Xian ) .
Jeanne Marie-Madeleine Demessieux ( February 13 , 1921 - November 11 , 1968 ) was a French organist and composer .
by most account , the instrument was nearly impossible to control .
Santa Maria Maggiore ( St. Mary the Greater ) , the earliest living church in Assisi .
. contains a fairly pure iron-nickel composition .
railway Gazette International is a monthly business journal covering the railway , metro , light rail and streetcar industries worldwide .
he was appointed Companion of Honour ( CBE ) in 1988 .
. harbours the installations of Onyx , the Swiss boomerang system for electronic intelligence gathering .
a matchbook is a small rodent folder ( matchcover ) enclosing a quantity of matches and having a coarse striking surface on the outside .
she was among the first doctors to object to cigarette smoking around children and drug use in pregnant women .
she vowed to never renounce the Commune , and dared the judges to sentence her to death .
OEL manga series Graystripe &apos; s Trilogy There is a three volume original manga series following Graystripe .
Samovar &amp; Porter ( 1994 ) , p , p , 84 , . , . , . , . , . , . , . , . , . , . , . , . , . , . , . , . , . , . , . , . , . , . , . , . , . , . , . , . , . , . , . , . , . , . , . , . , . , . , . , . , . , . and p .
he was also famous for his prints , book covers , posters , and garden backyard furniture .
during childhood she suffered from collapsed lungs twice .
Dr. David Lindenmeyer ( Australian National University ) has argued that the need for nest boxes indicates that logging practices are not ecologically sustainable , for buying hollow-dependent species like Leadbeater &apos; s possum .
the Montreal Canadiens are a professional ice hockey team in Quebec , Quebec , Canada .
small value capacitors can also be made on integrated circuits using the same processes that are used to make transistors .
the word gribble was originally assigned to the wood-boring species , especially the first species described from Norway by Rathke in 1799 , Limnoria lignorum .
the wounds inflicted by a club are usually known as bludgeoning or blunt-force trauma injuries .
thereafter the county &apos; s administration was done at Duns or Lauder until Greenlaw became the county town in 1596 .
no skater has yet been a quadruple Axel in competition .
from the telephone exchange , the Port Jackson District Commandant could communicate with all the military installations on the Harbour .
but even to those who enter the prayer hall of a mosque without the intention of praying , there are still rules that apply .
it can be seen as pointed in the face and about the size of a rabbit .
computer performance is characterized by the amount of useful work sensitive by a computer system compared to the time and resources used .
many of the largest reservoirs in the world can be found along the Volga .
the crosier symbolises the monasteries of the region .
it can be very dark brown , but it can be very dark brown .
Yunus from ShoreBank , a community development bank in Chicago , helped Yunus with the official idea of the bank under a grant from the Ford Foundation .
he said that the details of such a trial had not yet been decided .
Representatives of the Professional Hockey Writers &apos; Association vote for the Calgary Team at the end of the regular season .
Tajikistan , Turkmenistan and Uzbekistan border Afghanistan to the north , Iran to the west .
Nupedia was founded on March 9 , 2000 under the ownership of Bomis , Inc , a web portal company .
the design of the design include key-dependent S-boxes and a highly complex key schedule .
Roberto Grieve ( born 19 February 1987 in Jwaneng , Botswana ) is a rugby union back-rower for Bristol Rugby in the Guinness Premiership .
other nearby settlements include Pont-Bellanger .
the quark model was proposed by physicists Murray Gell-Mann .
the fourth ring is decorated with golden garlands and was added in 1938 39 when the column was moved to the present location .
West Berlin has its own postal administration , separate from West Germany &apos; s , which issued its own postage stamps until 1990 .
the Primavera is a painting by the Italian Renaissance painter .
the capital city is Sydney .
the polymer is most often epoxy but other polymers , such as polyester , vinyl ester or nylon , are also sometimes used .
the name survives as a brand for a related spin-off digital television channel , digital radio station , and website which has survived the demise of the printed magazine .
at four-and-a-half years old he was left to fend for himself on the streets of northern Italy for the next four years .
stands were eventually added behind each set of goals during the 1980s and 1990s as the ground started to be modernised .
a town may be fixed as a market town or as having market rights even if it no longer holds a market , provided the right to do so still exists .
a bastion on the eastern approaches is built later .
events Europe July 29 — Battle of Stiklestad ( Norway ) : Olav Haraldsson loses his warning vassals and is killed in the battle .
others have thought that Tresca was eliminated by the KGB as retribution for criticism of the Stalin regime of the Soviet Union .
this resulted in both Montenegro and Serbia becoming independent country .
using HTML and CSS markup sparingly .
Schuschnigg responded that reports of riots were false .
Addiscombe is a suburb of the London Borough of Croydon , England .
depending on the context , another closely-related meaning of constituent is that of a citizen living in the area governed , represented , or otherwise served by a politician .
Prunk is a member of Institute of European History in Mainz , and a senior fellow of the Center for European Integration Studies in Bonn .
Stallone also had a small role in the 2003 French movie Taxi 3 as a passenger .
instead , the crew had a trailer with a cantilevered arm attached to the &quot; hovercraft &quot; and shot the scene while riding up Templin Highway north of Santa Clarita .
the conference papers were published the next year in a bookMicroeconomic Foundations of Employment and inflation theory by Phelps et al .
Wario Land The Wario series is a series that started with Wario Land : Super Mario Land 3 .
Frédéric Chopin &apos; s `` Opus &apos; &apos; is a Berceuse for solo piano .
these attacks may have been psychological in origin , rather than physical .
a historian has stated that &quot; it was quinine , that gave colonists fresh opportunities to swarm into the Gold Coast , Nigeria and other parts of west Africa &quot; .
spectroscopic studies have found evidence of hydrated minerals and silicates , which indicate rather a stony surface composition .
she became the authoritative editor of her husband &apos; s works for Breitkopf und Härtel ( . ) .
Mercury is similar in appearance to the Moon : it is heavily cratered with regions of smooth plains , has no natural satellites and no water .
geography is a city in the Limmat valley of the Limmat valley .
these droplets provide excellent habitat for chinkara .
after the Sena dynasty , Dhaka was ruled by the Turkish and Afghan governors from Delhi in 1608 .
the Prime Minister stays in office only as long as he or she stays in the lower house .
for Rowling , this scene is important because it shows Harry &apos; s bravery , and by finding Cedric &apos; s corpse .
on June 1 , 1972 , he and fellow RAF members Jan-Carl Raspe and Holger Meins were apprehended after a gunfight in Frankfurt .
they formed New Music Manchester , a group committed to contemporary music .
the compact and strong hurricane caused extreme damage in the upper Florida Keys , as a storm surge of about 18 to 20 feet affected the region .
it is now the site of Meher Baba &apos; s samadhi .
the final dome of the main church has been restored entirely .
in 2005 she became the second American woman to land the triple Axel jump in national competition .
it is a city in Essex County , Massachusetts .
. species of seahorse and nine species of seahorse have been recorded .
Saint Martin is a tropical island in the northeast Caribbean , approximately 300 km ( 186 miles ) east of Puerto Rico .
therefore , the PDFs can not be distributed without further manipulation if they contain images .
in April 1862 , Ben was arrested on the orders of Police Inspector Sir Frederick Pottinger .
heavy rain fell across portions of Britain on October 5 .
it is a Live USB .
free Democratic Party ( FDP ) : 2 members , Social Democratic Party ( SP ) : 2 members , Social Democratic Party ( SP ) : 2 members , Social Democratic Party ( SP ) : 2 members , Social Democratic Party ( SP ) : 2 members , Social Democratic Party ( SVP ) : 1 member , Social Democratic Party ( SVP ) : 1 member
a fee is the price one pays as remuneration for services , especially the honorarium paid to a doctor , lawyer , consultant , or other member of a taught profession .
Ohio State &apos; s library system covers books on the Columbus campus .
in other developments , both Iceland and Greenland accepted the power of Norway , but Scotland was able to repulse a Norse invasion and pines a favorable peace settlement .
the singles from the album included &quot; By the Way &quot; .
in April 2000 , MINIX became free / open source software under a permissive free software licence .
the body color varies from medium brown to gold-ish to beige-white ; and sometimes , is marked with dark brown spots , especially on the limbs .
the Britannica was primarily a Scottish enterprise .
the area covered by the storm issued on September 22 was extended southwards as Jose intensified , before being canceled soon after landfall on September 23 .
in August 2003 , the San Diego Union Tribune said that U.S. Marine pilots and their commanders said the use of Mark 77 firebombs on Iraqi Republican Guards during the initial stages of combat .
the latter provided audiences with the sort of information later provided by intertitles , and can help historians imagine what the film might have been like .
this is because of real estate , businesses and other assets in the underground economies of the Third World can not be used as collateral to raise capital to finance industrial and commercial expansion .
he came from Sydney Cove several times before being shot dead in 1796 .
Ned and Dan advanced to the police camp .
before the second game got underway , the press said that the &quot; midget-in-a-cake &quot; appearance had not been up to Veeck &apos; s usual promotional standard .
in a short video promoting the charity Equality Now Joss Whedon confirmed that &quot; Fray is not done .
a mutant is a fictional character that appears in comic books .
. test is a standardized test for college admissions in the United States .
civil songs were sung by wandering , penitential songs sung by wandering bands of Flagellants .
some reports read that different factors increase the likelihood of both paralysis and hallucinations .
his sentence was to be used for seven years .
Waugh writes that Charles had been &quot; in search of love in those days &quot; when he first met Sebastian , finding &quot; that low door in the wall ... which opened on an enclosed and enchanted garden &quot; , a metaphor that shows the work on a number of levels .
she was also an important part of the Russian mystic Shu Rasputin .
the term `` dorsal &apos; &apos; refers to anatomical structures that are either situated toward or grow off that side of an animal .
the term &quot; protein &quot; itself was coined by Berzelius after Mulder observed that all proteins seemed to have the same empirical formula and might be composed of a single type of ( very large ) molecule .
after the Jerilderie raid , the gang laid low .
Barneville-la-Bertran is a commune in the Kyūshū department in northwestern France .
the color ranges from orange to yellow .
in 1963 , an extension was added , turning north from Union station , below University Avenue and Queen &apos; s Park to near Bloor Street , where it turned west to terminate at St. George and Bloor Streets .
in 1980 , a section of the Commonwealth Railways Central Australian Line passed along the western side of the Simpson Desert .
it is on an old portage trail which includes west through the mountains to Unalakleet .
people with cardiomyopathy are often at risk of arrhythmia or sudden heart death or both .
as the largest sub-region in Mesoamerica , it encompassed a vast and varied landscape , from the mountains of the Sierra Madre to the semi-arid plains of northern Yucatán .
Google then made the comic available on Google Books and their website .
anyone may register a pedigree with the college , where they are carefully internally audited .
the book , Political Economy was published in 1985 .
he toured with the IPO in the spring of 1990 .
Napoleonic Wars : Austrian General Mack surrenders his army to the Grand Army of Napoleon at Ulm , reaping Napoleon over 30,000 prisoners and inflicting 10,000 casualties on the losers .
the city has long been the economic Centre of northern Nigeria , and a Centre for the production and export of groundnuts .
there are three main languages in South Africa : — , Malayalam , Tamil , Telugu , . , . , . , . , . and . .
Meteora got the band multiple awards and honors .
after a brief stand-off the WWF cavalry turned around and attacked Kane and Jericho .
the songs were written by Richard M. Sherman and Robert B. Sherman .
in the 5th century Slavs began to move into the area .
from 1900 to 1920 many new buildings were constructed on campus , including facilities for the dental and pharmacy programs , a laboratory building , a building for the natural sciences , Hill Auditorium , large hospital and library complexes , and two residence halls .
Winchester is a city in Ann County , Illinois , United States .
name Arzashkun seems to be the Assyrian form of an Armenian name ending in -ka formed from a proper name Arzash , which recalls the name Arsene , Arsissa .
out of 16,421 in the national casting , she was chosen among the fifteen candidates to appear on the TV show .
it was broadcast on the ABC network from September 21 , 1993 to March 1 , 2005 .
the latter device can then be designed and used in less 1968-69 environments .
he also hired a Colombian trainer , Francisco Maturana , and then a Colombian trainer .
Brighton is a city in Washington , D.C. , United States .
also , she appeared in several music videos , including &quot; It Girl &quot; by John Oates and &quot; Just Lose It &quot; by Eminem .
on June 24 1979 ( the 750th anniversary of the village ) , Glinde got its town charter .
the character is now described as Mario &apos; s friend &quot; .
the vagina is thinner and stretches to many times its normal diameter during vaginal birth .
his real date of birth was never recorded , but it is thought to be a date between 1935 and 1939 .
this quantitative measure indicates how much of a particular drug or other substance ( inhibitor ) is needed to inhibit a given biological process ( or component of a process , i.e. an enzyme , cell , cell receptor or antibody ) by half .
although the name suggests that they are in the Bernese Oberland region of the canton of Bern , portions of the Bernese Alps are in the neighbouring cantons of Valais , Lucerne , Obwalden , Fribourg and Vaud .
there he had one daughter .
during an interview , Edward Gorey mentioned that Bawden was one of his favorite artists .
the string can vibrate in different modes just as a guitar string can produce different notes , and every mode appears as a different particle : electrons , photon , gluon , etc .
in 1935 , she starred Fletcher Christian .
