one side of the armed conflicts is composed mainly of the Sudanese military and the Janjaweed , a Sudanese militia group recruited mostly from the Afro-Arab Abbala tribes of the northern Rizeigat region in Sudan .
Jeddah is the main gateway to Mecca , Islam &apos; s holiest city .
the Great Dark Spot is thought to represent a hole in the methane cloud deck of Neptune .
his next work , Saturday , follows an especially eventful day in the life of a successful neurosurgeon .
the doves , the trickster character , spun a black cord and , attaching it to the ball , crawled away fast to the east , pulling on the cord with all his strength .
there he died six weeks later , on 13 January 888 .
they are called the coastal peoples of Papua New Guinea .
since 2000 , the recipient of the Kate Greenaway Medal has also been presented with the Colin Mears Award to the value of £ 5000 .
following the drummers are dancers , who often play the sogo ( a tiny drum that makes almost no sound ) and tend to have more elaborate — choreography .
the spacecraft consists of two main elements : the NASA Cassini orbiter , named after the Italian-French astronomer Giovanni Domenico Cassini .
Alessandro ( &quot; Sandro &quot; ) Mazzola ( born 8 November 1942 ) is an Italian former football player .
it was originally thought that the debris thrown up by the collision filled in the smaller craters .
Graham attended Wheaton College from 1939 to 1943 .
however , the BZÖ differs a bit in comparison to the Freedom Party , as is in favor of a referendum about the Lisbon Treaty but against an EU-Withdrawal .
many species had vanished by the end of the nineteenth century , with European settlement .
in 1987 Wexler was inducted into the Rock and Roll Hall of Fame .
in its pure form , dextromethorphan occurs as a white powder .
admission to Tsinghua is extremely competitive .
today NRC is organised as an independent , private foundation .
it is at the coast of the Baltic Sea , where it encloses the city of Stralsund .
he was also named 1982 &quot; Sportsman of the Year &quot; by Sports Illustrated .
Fives is a British sport believed to come from the same origins as many racquet sports .
for example , King Bhumibol was born on Monday , so on his birthday throughout Thailand will be decorated with yellow color .
both names became defunct in 2007 when they were merged into The National Museum of Scotland .
nevertheless , Tagore emulated numerous styles , including craftwork from northern New Ireland , Haida carvings from the west coast of Canada ( British Columbia ) , and woodcuts by Max Pechstein .
on October 14 , 1960 , Presidential candidate John F. Kennedy proposed the concept of what became the Peace Corps on the steps of Michigan .
she performed for President Reagan in 1988 &apos; s Great Performances at the White House series , which aired on the Public Broadcasting Service .
Perry Saturn ( with Terri ) defeated Eddie Guerrero ( with Chyna ) to win the WWF European Championship ( 8 : 10 ) Saturn pinned Guerrero after a Diving elbow drop .
she remained in the United States until 1927 when she and her husband returned to France .
Despina was discovered in late July , 1989 from the images taken by the Voyager 2 probe .
the first Italian Grand Prix motor racing championship took place on 4 September 1921 at Brescia .
he also completed two collections of short stories entitled The Ribbajack &amp; Other Curious yarns and Seven Strange and ghostly Tales .
at the Voyager 2 images Ophelia appears as an elongated object , the major axis pointing towards Uranus .
the British decided to eliminate him and take the land by force .
some towns on the Eyre Highway in the south-east corner of Western Australia , between the South Australian border almost as far as Caiguna , do not follow official Western Australian time .
in architectural decoration Small pieces of colored and iridescent shell have been used to create mosaics and inlays , which have been used to decorate walls , furniture and boxes .
the other incorporated cities on the Palos Verdes Peninsula include Rancho Palos Verdes , Rolling Hills Estates and Rolling Hills .
Clank will destroy the galaxy .
it is not actually a true louse .
he advocates applying a user-centered design process in product development cycles and also works towards popularizing interaction design as a mainstream discipline .
it is possible that the other editors who may have reported you , and the administrator who blocked you , are part of a conspiracy against someone half a world away they &apos; ve never met in person .
working Group I : Assesses scientific aspects of the climate system and climate change .
the island chain forms part of the Hebrides , separated from the Scottish mainland and from the Inner Hebrides by the stormy waters of the Minch , the Little Minch and the Sea of the Hebrides .
Orton and his wife welcomed Alanna Marie Orton on July 12 , 2008 .
it is a branch of the IAU .
by early on September 30 , wind shear began to dramatically increase and a weakening trend began .
each entry has a datum ( a nugget of data ) which is a copy of the datum in some backing store .
as a result , many mosques will not enforce violations , both men and women when attending a mosque must adhere to these guidelines .
Mariel of Redwall is a fantasy novel by Brian Jacques , published in 1991 .
Ryan Prosser ( born 10 July 1988 ) is a professional rugby player .
like previous assessment reports , it consists of four reports , three of them from its working groups .
their granddaughter Hélène Langevin-Joliot is a professor of nuclear physics at the University of Paris .
this stamp remained the standard letter stamp for the remainder of Victoria &apos; s reign , and vast quantities were printed .
the International Fight League was an American mixed martial arts .
Giardia lamblia ( synonymous with Lamblia intestinalis and Giardia duodenalis ) is a flagellated protozoan parasite that colonises and reproduces in the small intestine , causing giardiasis .
the Movie , Left Behind II : tribulation Force , and Left Behind : World at War , in which he plays Cameron &quot; Buck &quot; Williams .
this was the area east of the mouth of the Vistula River , later sometimes called &quot; Prussia proper &quot; .
after graduation he returned to Yerevan to teach at the local Conservatory and later he was appointed artistic director of the Armenian Philarmonic Orchestra .
the story of Christmas is based on the biblical accounts given in the Gospel of Matthew , namely - and the Gospel of Luke , specifically - .
Weelkes was later to find himself in trouble with the Chichester Cathedral authorities for his heavy drinking and immoderate Behaviour .
so far the &apos; celebrity &apos; episodes have included Vic Reeves , Nancy Sorrell , Gaby Roslin , Scott Mills , Mark Chapman , Simon Gregson , Sue Cleaver , Carol Thatcher , Paul O &apos; Grady and Lee Ryan .
it was found by Stephen P. Synnott in images from the Voyager 1 space probe taken on March 5 , 1979 while orbiting around Jupiter .
Gomaespuma was a Spanish radio show , hosted by Juan Luis Cano and Guillermo Fesser .
on June 16 , 2009 , the official release date of The Resistance was announced on the band &apos; s website .
he is also a member of another Jungiery boyband 183 Club .
the Apostolic Lama , attributed the singing of Hallel psalms with Alleluia as the refrain in early Christian agape feasts .
in return , Rollo swore fealty to Charles , converted to Christianity , and undertook to defend the northern region of France against the raids of other Viking groups .
it is derived from Voice of America ( VoA ) Special English .
Disney received a full-size Oscar statuette and seven miniature ones , presented to him by 10-year-old child actress Shirley Temple .
it was the first asteroid to be discovered by a spacecraft .
Hinterrhein is an administrative district in the canton of Graubünden , Switzerland .
it continues as the Bohemian Switzerland in the Czech Republic .
this leads to consumer confusion .
the incident has been the subject of numerous reports as to ethics in scholarship .
they are castrated so that the animal may be more docile or may put on weight more quickly .
seventh sons have strong &quot; knacks &quot; ( specific magical abilities ) , and seventh sons of seventh sons are both extraordinarily rare and powerful .
Benchmarking is a type of video game made by Software .
Volterra is a town in the Tuscany region of Italy .
there are many different types of sensations .
the tongue is sticky because of the presence of glycoprotein-rich mucous , which both lubricates movement in and out of the snout and helps to catch ants and termites , which adhere to it .
the same tram had derailed on 30 May 2006 at Starr Gate loop during previous trials .
there are statues of Sir Alf Ramsey and Sir Bobby Robson , both former Ipswich Town and England managers , outside the ground .
take the square root of the variance .
volunteers , water , and a live rock band performed for those at the stadium .
Vouvray-sur-Huisne is a commune in the Sarthe department in the region of Pays-de-la-Loire in northwestern France .
if there are no strong land use controls , buildings are built along a bypass .
it is also a starting point for people wanting to explore Cooktown , Cape York Peninsula , and the Atherton Tableland .
bruises often induce pain but are not normally dangerous .
none of the authors , contributors , sponsors , administrators , vandals , or anyone else connected with Wikipedia , in any way whatsoever , can be responsible for your use of the information contained in or linked from these web pages .
George Frideric Handel also served as Kapellmeister for George , Elector of Hanover ( who became George I of Great Britain ) .
their eyes are quite small , and their visual acuity is poor .
they are rivaled as biological materials in toughness only by chitin .
it is a ingredient in Greek cuisine .
tickets can be retailed for National Rail services , the Docklands Light Railway and on Oyster card .
these works he produced and published himself , whilst his much larger woodcuts were mostly commissioned work .
the historical method comprises the techniques and guidelines by which historians use primary sources and other evidence to write history and then to write history .
the weight of the continental icecap sitting on top of Lake Vostok is believed to contribute to the high oxygen concentration .
as of 2000 , the population was 89,148 .
Aliteracy ( sometimes spelled alliteracy ) is the state of being able to read but being uninterested in doing so .
. is a chemical compound .
it will then dislodge itself and sink back to the river bed in order to digest its food and wait for its next meal .
furthermore , research has shown children are less likely to report a crime if it involves someone that he or she knows , trusts , and / or cares about .
today , Landis &apos; father has become a hearty supporter of his son and regards himself as one of Floyd &apos; s biggest fans .
shortly after reaching Category 4 status , the outer convection of the hurricane became ragged .
the equilibrium price for a certain type of labor is the wage .
convinced that the grounds were haunted , they decided to publish their findings in a book An Adventure ( 1911 ) , under the pseudonyms of Elizabeth Morison and Frances Lamont .
he settled in London , devoting himself chiefly to practical teaching .
Brunstad has several fast food restaurants , a cafeteria-style restaurant , coffee bar , and its own grocery store .
he left a detachment of 11,000 troops to garrison the newly conquered region .
in 1438 Trevi passed under the temporal rule of the Church as part of the legation of Perugia , and thenceforth its history merges first with that of the States of the Church , then ( 1860 ) with the united Kingdom of Italy .
the depression moved inland on the 20th as a circulation devoid of convection , and dissipated the next day over Brazil , where it caused heavy rains and flooding .
the New York City Housing Authority Police Department was a law enforcement agency in New York City that existed from 1952 to 1995 .
the current lineup of the band has Flynn ( vocals , guitar ) , Duce ( bass ) , Phil Demmel ( guitar ) , and Dave McClain ( drums ) .
Muslim-majority Countries with a minority Muslim population are more likely than Islamic countries of the Greater Middle East to use mosques as a way to promote civic participation .
the characters are foul-mouthed extensions of their earlier characters Pete and Dud .
Johan was also the original bassist of the Swedish power metal band HammerFall , but quit before the band ever released a studio album .
in 1998 , Culver ran for Iowa Secretary of State and was victorious .
in 1990 , Mark Messier took the Hart over Ray Bourque by a margin of two votes , the difference being a single first-place vote .
the story is about the story of the novel in motion when he impetuously defies that law , and accidentally initiates a chain of events that leads to the destruction of his colony &apos; s home , forcing their premature migration , and his separation from them .
the female equivalent is a daughter .
he was diagnosed with inoperable abdominal cancer in 1999 .
prior to the arrival of the storm , the National Park Service closed visitor centers and campgrounds along the Outer Banks .
in chess , chess is played in the game .
the Amazon Basin is the part of South America drained by the Amazon River and its tributaries .
the two former presidents were later separately charged with mutiny and treason for their roles in the 1979 coup and the 1980 Gwangju massacre .
moderate to severe damage extended up the Atlantic coastline and as far inland as West Virginia .
because the owner tends to be unaware , these computers are metaphorically compared to zombies .
the wave traveled across the Atlantic , and organized into a tropical depression off the northern coast of Haiti on September 13 .
for example , the stylebook of the Associated Press is updated annually .
the four canonical texts are the Gospel of Matthew , Gospel of Mark , Gospel of Luke and Gospel of John , probably written between AD 65 and 100 ( see also the Gospel according to the Hebrews ) .
since the end of the 19th century Eschelbronn is well known for its furniture manufacturing industry .
the upper half also resembles the coat of arms of the former district Oberbarnim .
unlike the clouds on Earth , however , which are composed of crystals of ice , Neptune &apos; s cirrus clouds are made up of crystals of frozen methane .
their participation is limited until they reach legal adulthood .
development Stable releases are rare , but there are often subversion snapshots which are stable enough to use .
finally in 1482 the Order dispatched him to Florence , the ‘ city of his destiny ’ .
in the Soviet years , the Bolsheviks demolished two of Rostov &apos; s principal landmarks - St Alexander Nevsky Cathedral ( 1908 ) and St George Cathedral in Nakhichevan ( 1783-1807 ) .
he died on May 29 , 1518 in Madrid , Spain .
this was demonstrated in the Miller-Urey experiment by Stanley L. Miller and Harold C. Urey in 1953 .
cogeneration ( also combined heat and power , CHP ) is the use of a heat engine or a power station to simultaneously generate both electricity and useful heat .
on occasion the male &quot; den master &quot; will also allow a second male into the den ; the reason for this is unclear .
a Wikipedia gadget is a JavaScript and / or a CSS snippet that can be enabled simply by checking an option in your Wikipedia preferences .
below are some useful links to facilitate your involvement .
he served as the prime minister of Egypt between 1945 and 1946 and again from 1946 and 1948 .
she was left behind ( explanations for this vary ) when the rest of the Nicoleños were moved to the mainland .
James I appointed him a Gentleman of the Chapel Royal , where he served as an organist from at least 1615 until his death .
Chauvin was embarrassed to receive his award and initially indicated that he may not accept it .
there are many different languages in Esperanto .
dry air wrapping around the southern periphery of the cyclone eroded most of the deep convection by early on September 12 .
Calvin Baker is an American novelist .
Eva Braun ( 6 February 1912 - 30 April 1945 ) was the wife of Adolf Hitler .
each version of the License is given a distinguishing version number .
most IRC servers do not require users to register an account but a user will have to set a nickname before being connected .
that same year he also received a mechanics certificate , becoming the youngest certificated airplane mechanic in New York .
SummerSlam ( 2009 ) is an upcoming professional wrestling pay-per-view event produced by World Wrestling Entertainment ( WWE ) .
usually portrayed as being bald , with long whiskers , he is said to be an incarnation of the Southern Polestar .
a few animals have chromatic response , changing color in changing environments .
Val Venis defeated Rikishi in a Steel cage match to retain the WWF Intercontinental Championship .
this closely resembles the Unix philosophy of having multiple programs each doing one thing well and working together over universal interfaces .
he came from a musical family ; his mother , LaRue , was an administrative assistant and singer , and his father , Keith Brion , was a band director at Yale .
the largest populations of Mennonites are in Canada , Democratic Republic of Congo and the United States .
NAAS is a major &quot; Dublin Suburb &quot; town , with many people living in NAAS and working in Dublin .
Acanthopholis &apos; s armour consisted of oval plates set almost horizontally into the skin , with spikes protruding from the neck and shoulder area , along the spine .
origin Irmo was chartered on Christmas Eve in 1890 in response to the opening of the Columbia , Newberry and Laurens Railroad .
in the House of Lords , bills proposed by the Law Commission , and consolidation bills , start in the House of Lords .
Vlad was born in 1474 , Hungary .
you may add a passage of up to five words as a Front-Cover Text , and a passage of up to 25 words as a Back-Cover Text , to the end of the list of Cover Texts in the Changed Version .
he is buried in the Restvale Cemetery in Alsip , Illinois .
bone marrow is the flexible tissue found in the hollow interior of bones .
reflection nebulae are usually blue because the scattering is more efficient for blue light than red .
Monteux is a commune of the Vaucluse département in southern France , in the area Provence-Alpes-Côte d &apos; Azur .
MacGruber starts asking for simple objects to make something to defuse the bomb , but he is later distracted by something ( usually involving his personal life ) that makes him run out of time .
he died , and Yvonne Loriod undertook the final movement &apos; s orchestration with advice from George Benjamin .
Shi Muslims consider Karbala to be one of their holiest cities after Mecca , Medina , Jerusalem and Najaf .
the pad called for the resignation of the governments of Thaksin Shinawatra .
however travel through very remote areas , on isolated tracks , requires advance planning and a suitable , reliable vehicle ( usually a four wheel drive ) .
while at Kahn he was chief architect for the Fisher Building in 1928 .
he excuses himself because he has to leave for rehearsal , and he and Dr. Schön leave .
Britpop emerged from the British independent music scene of the early 1990s and was characterised by bands influenced by British guitar pop music of the 1960s and 1970s .
this was absorbed into battalions being formed for XI International Brigade .
the Sheppard line currently has fewer users than the other two subway lines , and shorter trains are run .
it has a capacity of 98,772 , making it the largest stadium in Europe , and the eleventh largest in the world .
in December , 1967 , Ten boom was honored as one of the Righteous Among the Nations by the State of Israel .
some articles are quite lengthy and rich in content while others are shorter ( possibly stubs ) and of lesser quality .
about 95 species are currently accepted .
Libreville is said to be named after the Indigenous Australian word meaning &quot; The place where the sand washes down the hill &quot; .
terms movie &quot; for underwear and &quot; movie &quot; for &quot; moving picture &quot; are oft-heard terms in English .
jurisdiction draws its substance from public international law , conflict of laws , constitutional law and the powers of the executive and legislative branches of government to allocate resources to best serve the needs of its native society .
he followed this with several other pieces about Hiawatha : the Death of Minnehaha , Overture to The Song of Hiawatha and Hiawatha &apos; s Departure .
the capital of the state is Aracaju ( pop .
he was paid less than her male counterparts for nearly a decade .
Gumbasia was created in a style Vorkapich taught called kinesthetic Film Principles .
the lawyer , Brandon ( Waise Lee ) , became his idol , and MK Sun grew up to be a lawyer .
ISBN 1-876429-14-3 is an historic township near Cowra in the central west of New South Wales , Australia in Cabonne Shire .
military career Donaldson enlisted in the Australian Army on 18 June 2002 .
prospectors from California , Europe and China were also digging along the Peel River and up the mountain slopes .
before the advent of the pocket calculator , it was the most commonly used calculation tool in science and engineering .
the Kindle 2 features 16-level grayscale display .
yoghurt or yoghurt is a dairy product produced by bacterial fermentation of milk .
seventy-five defencemen are in the Hall of Fame , more than any other current position , while only 35 goaltenders have been inducted .
alternative views on the subject have been proposed throughout the centuries ( see below ) , but all were rejected by mainstream Christian bodies .
the album , however , was banned from many record stores nationwide .
the legs are wide at the top , and narrow at the ankle .
in late 2004 , Suleman made headlines by cutting Howard Stern &apos; s radio show from four Citadel stations , citing Stern &apos; s frequent discussions regarding his upcoming move to Sirius Satellite Radio .
the company opened twice as many Canadian outlets as McDonald &apos; s &quot; Wendy &apos; s confirms Tim Hortons IPO by March &quot; , Ottawa Business Journal , December 1 , 2005 , and system-wide sales also surpassed those of McDonald &apos; s Canadian operations as of 2002 .
it is a firefighter in Albany , Georgia .
he won the presidential election held on 2 March 2008 with 71.25 % of the popular vote .
the plant is considered a living fossil .
in 1990 , she was the only female entertainer allowed to perform in Saudi Arabia .
orchestration Stravinsky wrote the ballet in 1913 .
protests across the nation were suppressed .
Offenbach &apos; s many operettas , such as Orpheus in the Underworld , and La belle Hélène , were very popular in both France and the English-speaking world during the 1850s and 1860s .
passing tiles dating back to the Tang Dynasty with this symbol have been found west of the ancient city of Chang &apos; an ( modern-day Xian ) .
Jeanne Marie-Madeleine Demessieux ( February 13 , 1921 ) was a French organist , pianist , composer and teacher .
by most accounts , the instrument was nearly impossible to control .
Santa Maria Maggiore ( St. Mary the Greater ) , the earliest living church in Assisi .
radar Radar observations indicate a fairly pure iron-nickel composition .
railway Gazette International is a monthly business journal covering the railway , metro , light rail and tram industries worldwide .
he was appointed Companion of Honour ( CH ) in 1988 .
Loèche harbours the installations of Onyx , the Swiss interception system for electronic intelligence gathering .
a matchbook is a small cardboard folder ( matchcover ) enclosing a quantity of matches and having a coarse striking surface on the outside .
she was among the first doctors to object to cigarette smoking around children , and drug use in pregnant women .
Defiantly , she vowed to never renounce the Commune , and dared the judges to sentence her to death .
OEL manga series Graystripe &apos; s Trilogy There is a three volume original English-language manga series .
Samovar &amp; Porter ( 1994 ) , p .
he was also famous for his prints , book covers posters , and garden metalwork furniture .
during childhood she suffered from collapsed lungs twice , she had pneumonia 4-5 times a year .
Dr. David Lindenmeyer ( Australian National University ) has argued that the need for nest boxes indicates that logging practices are not variously sustainable , for buying hollow-dependent species like Leadbeater &apos; s Possum .
the Montreal Canadiens are a professional ice hockey team based in Montreal , Quebec , Canada .
it can also be used to make transistors .
the term gribble was originally assigned to the wood-boring species , especially the first species described from Norway by Rathke in 1799 , Limnoria lignorum .
the wounds inflicted by a club are generally known as bludgeoning or blunt-force trauma injuries .
thereafter the county &apos; s administration was conducted at Duns or Lauder until Greenlaw became the county town in 1596 .
no skater has yet accomplished a quadruple Axel in competition .
from the telephone exchange , the Port Jackson District Commandant could communicate with all military installations on the Harbour .
however , even to those who enter the prayer hall of a mosque without the intention of praying , there are still rules that apply .
it is described as pointed in the face and about the size of a rabbit .
computer performance is characterized by the amount of useful work accomplished by a computer system compared to the time and resources used .
some of the largest reservoirs in the world can be found along the Volga .
the crosier symbolises the monasteries of the region .
human skin parallelism can range from very dark brown to very pale pink .
bankers from ShoreBank , a community development bank in Chicago , helped Yunus with the official incorporation of the bank under a grant from the Ford Foundation .
he said that the details of such a trial had not yet been determined .
Representatives of the Professional Hockey Writers &apos; Association vote for the All-Star Team at the end of the regular season .
Tajikistan , Turkmenistan and Uzbekistan border Afghanistan to the north , Iran to the west , Pakistan to the south and the People &apos; s Republic of China to the east .
Nupedia was founded on March 9 , 2000 , under the ownership of Bomis , Inc , a web portal company .
notable features of the design include key-dependent S-boxes and a highly complex key schedule .
Iain Grieve ( born 19 February 1987 in Jwaneng , Botswana ) is a rugby union back-rower for Bristol Rugby in the Guinness Premiership .
other nearby settlements include Pont-Bellanger and Beaumesnil .
the W model was independently proposed by physicists Murray Gell-Mann and George Zweig in 1964 .
the fourth ring is decorated with golden garlands and was added in 1938 39 when the column was moved to its present location .
West Berlin had its own postal administration , separate from West Germany &apos; s , which issued its own postage stamps until 1990 .
the Primavera is a painting by the Italian Renaissance painter Sandro Botticelli .
new South Wales &apos; s largest city and capital is Sydney .
the polymer is most often epoxy , but other polymers , such as polyester , vinyl ester or nylon , are also sometimes used .
the name survives as a brand for a related spin-off digital television channel , digital radio station , and website which have survived the demise of the printed magazine .
at four-and-a-half years old he was left to fend for himself on the streets of northern Italy for the next four years .
stands were eventually added behind each set of goals during the 1980s and 1990s as the ground began to be modernised .
a town may be used as a market town or as having market rights even if it no longer holds a market , provided the right to do so still exists .
a bastion on the eastern approaches was built later .
events Europe July 29 — Battle of Stiklestad ( Norway ) : Olav Haraldsson loses to his pagan vassals and is killed in the battle .
others have said that Tresca was eliminated by the NKVD as retribution for criticism of the Stalin regime of the Soviet Union .
this resulted in both Montenegro and Serbia becoming independent countries .
use HTML and CSS markup sparingly and only with good reason .
Schuschnigg said that reports of riots were false .
Addiscombe is a suburb in Croydon , England .
depending on the context , another closely-related meaning of constituent is that of a citizen living in the area governed , represented , or otherwise served by a politician ; sometimes this is restricted to citizens who elected the politician .
he is a member of Institute of European History in Mainz , and a senior fellow of the Center for European Integration Studies in Bonn .
Stallone also had a cameo appearance in the 2003 French movie Taxi 3 as a passenger .
instead , the crew built a trailer with a cantilevered arm attached to the &quot; hovercraft and and shot the scene while riding up Templin Highway north of Santa Clarita .
the conference papers were published the next year in a bookMicroeconomic Foundations of Employment and inflation Theory by Phelps et al .
Wario Land The Wario Land series is a platforming series that started with Wario Land : Super Mario Land 3 , a spin-off of the Super Mario Land series .
Frédéric Chopin &apos; s Opus 57 is a Berceuse for solo piano .
these attacks may have been psychological in origin rather than physical .
a historian has stated that &quot; it was quinine &apos; s efficacy that gave colonists fresh opportunities to swarm into the Gold Coast , Nigeria and other parts of west Africa &quot; .
spectroscopic studies have shown evidence of hydrated minerals and silicates , which indicate rather a stony surface composition .
she became the authoritative editor of her husband &apos; s works for Breitkopf und Härtel .
Mercury is similar to the Moon .
the town is in the Limmat valley between Baden and Zürich .
these ideally provide excellent habitat for chinkara , hog deer and blue Bull .
after the Sena dynasty , Dhaka was ruled by the Turkish and Afghan governors descending from the Delhi .
the Prime Minister stays in office only as long as he or she retains the support of the lower house .
for Rowling , this scene is important because it shows Harry &apos; s bravery , and by finding Cedric &apos; s corpse , he demonstrates selflessness and compassion .
on June 1 , 1972 , he and fellow RAF members Jan-Carl Raspe and Holger Meins were apprehended after a lengthy shootout in Frankfurt .
together they formed New Music Manchester , a group committed to contemporary music .
the compact and intense hurricane caused extreme damage in the upper Florida Keys , as a storm surge of approximately 18 to 20 feet affected the region .
it is now the site of Meher Baba &apos; s samadhi ( tomb-shrine ) as well as facilities and accommodations for pilgrims .
the collapsed dome of the main church has been restored entirely .
in 2005 , she became the second American woman to jump the triple Axel jump in national competition .
Salem is a city in Essex County , Massachusetts , United States .
forty-nine species of pipefish and nine species of seahorse have been recorded .
Saint Martin is a tropical island in the northeast Caribbean , about 300 km east of Puerto Rico .
therefore , these PDFs can not be distributed without further manipulation if they contain images .
in April 1862 , Ben was arrested on the orders of Police Inspector Sir Frederick Pottinger for participating in an armed robbery whilst in the company of Frank Gardiner .
heavy rain fell across portions of Britain on October 5 , causing localized accumulation of flood waters .
version 2009.1 provides a USB installer to create a Live USB , where the user &apos; s configuration and personal data can be saved if desired .
it is also known as the `` Free Democratic Party &apos; &apos; .
a fee is the price one pays as remuneration for services , especially the honorarium paid to a doctor , lawyer , consultant , or other member of a learned profession .
Ohio State &apos; s library system includes twenty-one libraries .
in other developments , both Iceland and Greenland accepted the power of Norway .
the singles from the album included &quot; By the Way &quot; , &quot; The Zephyr Song &quot; , &quot; Ca n &apos;t Stop &quot; , &quot; dosed &quot; and &quot; universally Speaking &quot; .
in April 2000 , MINIX became free / open source software under a permissive free software licence .
the body color varies from medium brown to gold-ish .
the Britannica was primarily a Scottish enterprise , as symbolised by its thistle logo , the floral emblem of Scotland .
the area covered by the warning issued on September 22 was extended southwards as Jose intensified , before being canceled soon after landfall on September 23 .
in August 2003 , the San Diego Union Tribune said that U.S. Marine pilots and their commanders confirmed the use of Mark 77 firebombs on Iraqi Republican Guards during the initial stages of combat .
the latter provided audiences with the sort of information later provided by intertitles , and can help historians imagine what the film may have been like .
that is because real estate , businesses and other assets in the underground economies of the Third World can not be used as collateral to raise capital to finance industrial and commercial expansion .
he bolted from Sydney Cove several times before being shot dead in 1796 .
Ned and Dan advanced to the police camp , ordering them to surrender .
before the second game got underway , the press agreed that the &quot; midget-in-a-cake &quot; appearance had not been up to Veeck &apos; s usual promotional standard .
in a short video promoting the charity Equality Now Joss Whedon confirmed that &quot; Fray is not done , Fray is coming back .
a mutant is a type of fictional character .
test is a standardized test for college admissions in the United States .
civil unrest in northern Italy spawns the medieval musical form of Geisslerlieder , penitential songs sung by wandering bands of Flagellants .
some reports read that various factors increase the likelihood of both paralysis and hallucinations .
his sentence was transportation to Australia for seven years .
Waugh writes that Charles had been &quot; in search of love in those days &quot; when he first met Sebastian .
she was an important factor in her life .
the term dorsal refers to anatomical structures that are either situated toward or grow off that side of an animal .
the term &quot; protein &quot; itself was coined by Berzelius .
after the Jerilderie raid , the gang laid low for 16 months evading capture .
Barneville-la-Bertran is a commune in the Calvados department in the Basse-Normandie region in northwestern France .
color ranges from orange to pale yellow .
in 1963 an extension was added .
before 1980 , a section of the Commonwealth Railways Central Australian line passed along the western side of the Simpson Desert .
it is on an old portage trail which led west through the mountains to Unalakleet .
people with cardiomyopathy are often at risk of arrhythmia or sudden cardiac death or both .
as the largest sub-region in Mesoamerica , it encompassed a vast and varied landscape , from the mountainous regions of the Sierra Madre to the semi-arid plains of northern Yucatán .
Google subsequently made the comic available on Google Books and their site and mentioned it on its official blog along with an explanation for the early release .
anyone may register a clown with the college , where they are carefully internally audited and require official proofs before being altered .
the book , Political Economy , was published in 1985 , but had limited classroom adoption .
he toured with the IPO in the spring of 1990 for their first-ever performance in the Soviet Union , with concerts in Moscow and Leningrad , and toured with the IPO again in 1994 , performing in China and India .
Napoleonic Wars : Austrian General Mack surrenders his army to the Grand Army of Napoleon at Ulm .
it has long been the economic Centre of northern Nigeria , and a Centre for the production and export of groundnuts .
a majority of South Indians speak one of the five Dravidian languages — Kannada , Malayalam , Tamil , Telugu and Tulu .
Meteora earned the band multiple awards and honors .
after a brief stand-off , the WWF cavalry turned around and attacked Kane and Jericho .
most of the songs were written by Richard M. Sherman and Robert B. Sherman .
in the 5th century Slavs started to move into the area .
from 1900 to 1920 many new facilities were constructed on campus , including facilities for the dental and pharmacy programs , a chemistry building , a building for the natural sciences , Hill Auditorium , large hospital and library complexes , and two residence halls .
Winchester is a city in Scott County , Illinois , United States .
name Arzashkun seems to be the Assyrian form of an Armenian name ending in -ka formed from a proper name Arzash , which recalls the name Arsene , Arsissa , applied by the ancients to part of Lake Van .
out of 16,421 participants in the national casting , she was chosen among the 15 candidates to appear on the TV show .
its episodes were broadcast on the ABC network from its debut on September 21 , 1993 to March 1 , 2005 .
the latter device can then be designed and used in less stringent environments .
Gimnasia hired the Colombian trainer Francisco Maturana .
Brighton is a city in Washington County , Iowa , United States .
furthermore , she appeared in several music videos , including &quot; It Girl &quot; by John Oates and &quot; Just Lose It &quot; by Eminem .
on June 24 , 1979 ( the 750th anniversary of the village ) , Glinde received its town charter .
Pauline is now described as &quot; Mario &apos; s friend &quot; .
the vagina is usually elastic and stretches to many times its normal diameter during vaginal birth .
his real date of birth was never recorded , but it is believed to be a date between 1935 and 1939 .
this quantitative measure indicates how much of a particular drug or other substance ( inhibitor ) is needed to inhibit a given biological process ( or component of a process , i.e. an enzyme , cell receptor or adolescents ) by half .
although the name suggests that they are located in the Bernese Oberland region of the canton of Bern , portions of the Bernese Alps are in the adjacent cantons of Valais , Lucerne , Obwalden , Fribourg and Vaud .
there he had one daughter , later baptized as Mary Ann Fisher Power , to Ann ( e ) Power .
during an interview , Edward Gorey mentioned that Bawden was one of his favorite artists , lamenting the fact that not many people remembered or knew about this fine artist .
the string can vibrate in different modes just as a guitar string can produce different notes , and every mode appears as a different particle : electron , photon , gluon , etc .
returning also earned an Academy Award nomination when he portrayed Fletcher Christian in 1935 &apos; s Mutiny on the Bounty .
