one side of the armed conflicts is composed mainly of the Sudanese military and the Janjaweed . a Sudanese militia group recruited mostly from the Afro Arab abbala tribes of the northern from region in Sudan . 
Jeddah is the principal gateway to Mecca . 
the great dark spot is thought to represent a hole in the methane cloud deck of Neptune . 
his next work Saturday follows an especially eventful day in the life of a neurosurgeon . 
the Tarantula the trickster character spun a black cord . attaching it to the ball . character crawled away fast to the east . character pulling on the cord with all his strength . 
there he died six weeks later on 13 January 888 . 
they are culturally akin to the coastal peoples of papua new guinea . 
since 2000 the recipient of the Kate Greenaway medal has also been presented with the Colin Mears award to the value of 5000 . 
the drummers are . dancers often play the sogo -lrb- a tiny drum makes almost no sound -rrb- . drum makes almost no sound -rrb- . the sogo tend to . the sogo have more elaborate even acrobatic choreography . 
the spacecraft consists of two main elements . the NASA Cassini orbiter named after the Italian french astronomer Giovanni Domenico Cassini . the esa Huygens . probe named after the Dutch astronomer mathematician and physicist Christiaan Huygens . 
Alessandro Sandro -lrb- born 8 November 1942 -rrb- an Italian former football player . is . 
it was originally thought that the debris thrown up by the . collision filled in the smaller craters . 
Graham attended Wheaton college from 1939 to 1943 . he graduated with a ba in anthropology . 
the BZÖ differs a bit in comparison to the freedom party as is in favor of a referendum about the Lisbon treaty but against an eu withdrawal . 
many species had vanished by the end of the nineteenth century . 
in 1987 wexler was inducted into the rock and roll hall of fame . 
in its pure form dextromethorphan occurs as a white powder . 
admission is extremely competitive . 
today NRC is organised as an independent private foundation . 
it is situated at the coast of the Baltic . sea where it encloses the city of Stralsund . 
he was also named 1982 sportsman of the year by sports . 1982 sportsman of the year by sports illustrated . 
Fives is a British sport believed to derive from the same origins as many racquet sports . 
King Bhumibol was born on Monday . on his birthday throughout Thailand will be decorated with yellow color . 
both names became defunct in 2007 . they were merged into the national museum of Scotland . 
Tagore emulated numerous styles including craftwork from northern new Ireland Haida carvings from the west coast of Canada -lrb- British Columbia -rrb- woodcuts by it Pechstein . 
on October 14 1960 presidential candidate Long John f. Kennedy proposed the concept on the steps of Michigan union . of what became the peace corps . 
she performed for president Reagan in 1988 &apos; s great performances at the . white house series aired on the public broadcasting service . 
Perry Saturn -lrb- with Terri -rrb- defeated Eddie Guerrero -lrb- with Chyna -rrb- to win the WWF European championship -lrb- 8 : 10 -rrb- Saturn pinned Guerrero after a diving elbow drop . 
she remained in the united states until 1927 . she and her husband returned to France . 
Despina was discovered in late July 1989 from the . images taken by the Voyager 2 probe . 
the first Italian grand prix motor racing championship took place on 4 September 1921 at Brescia . 
he also completed two collections of . short stories entitled the ribbajack other curious yarns are and seven strange and ghostly tales . 
the Voyager 2 images Ophelia appears as an elongated object the major axis pointing towards Uranus . the Voyager 2 images Ophelia . 
the British decided to eliminate him . British take the land by force . 
the south Australian border do not follow official western Australian time . 
in architectural decoration small pieces of colored and iridescent shell have been used to create mosaics and inlays . have been used to decorate walls furniture and boxes . 
the other incorporated cities on the Palos Verdes peninsula include called Palos Verdes . Rolling hills estates and rolling hills . 
fearing that Drek will destroy the galaxy . Clank asks ratchet to help him find the famous superhero captain qwark in an effort . to stop Drek . 
it is not actually a true louse . 
he advocates applying a user centered design process in product development cycles . he also works towards popularizing interaction design as a mainstream discipline . 
it is theoretically possible that the other are part of a conspiracy against someone half ve never met in person . editors may have reported you and the administrator blocked you . administrator blocked you . 
working group i . on scientific aspects of the climate system and climate change . 
the island chain forms part of the Hebrides separated from the Scottish mainland . separated from the inner Hebrides by the stormy waters of the Minch . 
Orton and his wife welcomed alanna Marie Orton on July 12 2008 . 
formal minor planet designations are number name . combinations overseen by the minor planet center a branch of the IAU . 
by early on September 30 wind shear began to dramatically increase . a weakening trend began . 
each entry has a datum -lrb- a nugget of . data -rrb- is a copy of the datum in some backing store . 
as a result although many mosques will not enforce violations both men and women when attending a mosque must adhere to these guidelines . 
Mariel of Redwall a fantasy novel . is by Brian Jacques published . 
Ryan -rrb- . Prosser -lrb- born 10 July . 1988 -rrb- is a professional rugby union player for Bristol rugby in the Guinness premiership . 
like previous assessment reports it consists of four reports three of them from its working groups . 
their granddaughter Hélène langevin Joliot is a professor of nuclear physics at the university of white . Joliot was named after Pierre after . 
this stamp remained the standard letter stamp for the remainder of Victoria &apos; s reign and vast quantities . were printed . 
the international fight league was an american mixed . martial arts -lrb- MMA -rrb- promotion billed as the world &apos; s first MMA league . 
if lamblia -lrb- synonymous with lamblia intestinalis and if duodenalis . -rrb- is a they protozoan parasite that colonises grasslands , including and reproduces in the small intestine causing giardiasis . parasite colonises grasslands , including and reproduces in the small intestine . causing giardiasis . 
Cameron has often worked in christian themed productions . among them the post rapture films left behind the movie left behind G chords tribulation force left behind world at war . he plays Cameron Efrafans Williams . 
this was the area east of the mouth of the Vistula river . later sometimes called Prussia proper . 
graduation he . he returned to Yerevan to teach at the local conservatory . later he was appointed artistic director of the Armenian Philarmonic orchestra . 
the story of christmas is based on the biblical . accounts given in the gospel of Matthew namely and the gospel of Luke specifically . 
Weelkes was later to find himself in trouble with the Chichester cathedral authorities for his heavy drinking and bad Behavior . 
so far the celebrity episodes have included Vic Reeves Nancy sorrell gaby Roslin Scott mills mark tinker : Simon gregson sue Cleaver carol Thatcher Paul o Grady and lee Ryan . 
it was discovered by Stephen shifted east Synnott in images from the Voyager 1 space . probe taken on march 5 1979 . it orbiting around Jupiter . 
gomaespuma was a Spanish radio show . hosted by Juan Luis cano and Guillermo fesser . 
on 16 June 2009 the official release date of the resistance was announced on the band &apos; s website . 
he is also a member of another Jungiery boyband 183 club . 
tradition attests the singing of hallel psalms with Alleluia as the refrain in early christian agape feasts . tradition attributed to the theologian Hippolytus . 
Rollo swore put his seal to Charles . Rollo converted to Christianity . Rollo undertook to defend the northern region of France against the incursions of other viking groups . 
it is derived from voice of America VoA -rrb- special English . 
Disney received a full size Oscar statuette and seven miniature ones . presented to him by 10-year old child actress Shirley temple . 
it was the first . asteroid to be discovered by a spacecraft . 
hinterrhein is an administrative district in the canton of Graubünden Switzerland . 
it continues as the bohemian Switzerland in the Czech republic . 
this leads to consumer confusion . 220 -lrb- 1,048,576 -rrb- bytes is referenced as 1 mb -lrb- normal -rrb- instead of 1 MiB . 
the incident has been the subject of numerous reports as to ethics in scholarship . 
they are castrated . the animal may be more docile . may put on weight more quickly . 
seventh sons have strong knacks -lrb- specific magical abilities . seventh sons of seventh sons are both extraordinarily rare and powerful . 
benchmarking conducted by passmark software 32 second scan time and 7 mb memory computers . highlights the 2009 version &apos; s 52 second install time . 
Volterra is a town in the Tuscany region of Italy . 
historically the sensations of itch and pain have not been considered to be independent of each other . it was found that itch has several features in common with pain . independent itch exhibits notable differences . 
the tongue is sticky . the presence of glycoprotein rich mucous . both lubricates movement in and out of the snout . movement helps to catch ants and termites which adhere to it . movement ants and termites which adhere to it . 
the same tram had derailed on 30 may 2006 at Starr gate loop . 
there are statues of sir Alf Ramsey and sir bobby Robson both former Ipswich town and England managers outside the ground . 
take the square root of the variance . 
volunteers provided food blankets water children &apos; s toys massages and a live rock band performance for those at the stadium . 
vouvray sur huisne is a commune in the Sarthe department in the region of pays de la Loire in northwestern France . 
there are no strong land use controls . buildings are built along a bypass . converting it into an ordinary town road . the bypass may eventually become as amount as the local . streets it was intended to avoid . 
it is also a starting point for . people wanting to explore Cooktown cape York peninsula and the Atherton tableland . 
bruises often induce pain . bruises are not normally dangerous . 
none of the authors contributors sponsors administrators vandals or anyone else connected with wikipedia in any way whatsoever can be responsible for your use of the information contained in or linked from these web pages . 
George Frideric Handel also served as Kapellmeister for George . Handel elector of Hanover . eventually became George i of great Britain -rrb- . 
their eyes are quite small . their visual acuity is poor . 
they are rivaled as biological materials in toughness only by chitin . 
oregano is an indispensable ingredient in greek cuisine . 
tickets can be n for national rail services the use light railway and on oyster card . 
these works he produced and published himself . his much larger woodcuts were mostly commissioned work . 
the historical method comprises the techniques and guidelines by which historians use primary sources and other evidence to research . historians then to write history . 
the sheer weight of the continental icecap sitting on top of lake Vostok is believed to contribute to the high oxygen concentration . Lake Vostok believed to contribute to the high oxygen concentration . Lake Vostok contribute to the high oxygen concentration . 
as of 2000 the population was 89,148 . 
aliteracy -lrb- sometimes spelled alliteracy -rrb- is the state of being able to read . -rrb- being uninterested in doing so . -rrb- of being able to read . 
drugs is a synthetic . steroid compound used as a pharmaceutical . 
it will then dislodge itself sink back to the river bed in order to digest its food and wait for its next meal . it sink back to the river bed . 
furthermore research has shown children are less likely to report a crime . it involves someone that he or she knows trusts and or cares about . he or she knows trusts cares about . 
today Landis father has become a hearty supporter of his son . father regards himself as one of Floyd &apos; s biggest fans . 
attaining category 4 status the outer convection of the hurricane . the outer convection of the hurricane became ragged . 
the equilibrium price for a certain type of labor is the wage . 
convinced that the grounds were haunted . they decided to publish their findings in a book an adventure -lrb- 1911 -rrb- under the pseudonyms of Elizabeth Morison and Frances Lamont . 
he settled in London . he spent nearly all himself chiefly to practical teaching . 
brunstad has several fast food restaurants a cafeteria style restaurant coffee bar and its own grocery store . 
he left a detachment of . 11,000 troops to garrison the newly conquered region . 
in 1438 Trevi passed under the temporal rule of the church as part of the legation of Perugia . s history merges first with that of the states of the church . 
the depression moved inland on the 20th as a circulation devoid of convection . depression dissipated the next day over Brazil . it caused heavy rains and flooding . 
the new York city housing authority police department was a law enforcement agency in new York . city existed from 1952 to 1995 . 
the current lineup of the band comprises Flynn -lrb- vocals guitar -rrb- Hindus -lrb- bass -rrb- Phil demmel -lrb- guitar -rrb- and Dave McClain -lrb- drums -rrb- . 
advocacy countries with a minority Muslim population are more likely than Muslim majority countries of the greater to promote civic participation . Middle east to use mosques as a way . 
the characters are foul mouthed extensions of their earlier characters Pete and dud . 
Johan was also . the original bassist of the Swedish power metal band HammerFall . Johan quit before the band ever released a studio album . 
in 1998 Culver ran state . 
in 1990 mark Messier took the Hart over ray Bourque by a margin of two votes . the difference being a single first place vote . 
shade sets the main plot of the novel in motion . he impetuously defies that law . he inadvertently initiates a chain of . events leads to the destruction of his colony &apos; s home . forcing their premature migration and his separation from them . 
the female equivalent is a daughter . 
he was diagnosed with inoperable abdominal cancer in April 1999 . 
the arrival of the storm . the national park service closed visitor centers and campgrounds along the outer banks . 
the form of chess played is speed chess . in each competitor has a total of twelve minutes for the whole game . 
the Amazon basin is the part of . South America drained by the Amazon river and its tributaries . 
the two former presidents were later separately charged with mutiny and treason for their roles in the 1979 coup and the 1980 Gwangju massacre . 
moderate to severe damage extended up the Atlantic coastline and as far inland as west Virginia . 
the owner tends to . 
the wave traveled across the Atlantic . the wave organized into a tropical depression off the northern coast of Haiti on September 13 . 
the stylebook of the associated press is updated annually . 
the four canonical texts are the gospel of Matthew gospel of mark gospel of Luke and gospel . Gospel . the gospel of mark . 
the end of the 19th century eschelbronn is well known for its furniture manufacturing industry . 
the upper half also resembles the coat of arms of the former district Oberbarnim . 
the clouds on earth . are composed of crystals of ice . Neptune &apos; s cirrus clouds are made up of crystals of frozen methane . 
their participation is limited . they reach legal adulthood . 
development stable releases are rare . there are often subversion . snapshots are stable enough to use . 
the order dispatched him to florence the city of his destiny . 
in the Soviet years the bolsheviks demolished two of Rostov &apos; s principal landmarks st Alexander Nevsky cathedral 1908 -rrb- and st George cathedral in Nakhichevan where -lrb- 1783 1807 -rrb- . 
he died on may 29 1518 in Madrid Spain . he was buried in the church of san Benito d Alcantara . 
this was demonstrated in the miller Urey experiment by Stanley L. miller and Harold c. Urey in 1953 . 
cogeneration -lrb- also combined heat and power . CHP -rrb- is the use of a heat engine or . a power station to simultaneously generate both electricity and useful heat . 
on occasion the male den master will also allow a second male into the den . the reason for this is unclear . 
a wikipedia gadget is a javascript and or a CSS . clip can be enabled simply by checking an option in your wikipedia preferences . 
are some useful . links to facilitate your involvement . 
he served as the prime minister of Egypt between 1945 and 1946 . again from 1946 and 1948 . 
she was left behind -lrb- explanations for this vary . the rest of the Nicoleños were moved to the mainland . 
James i appointed him a gentleman of the chapel . Royal where he served as an organist from at least 1615 . his death . 
Chauvin was embarrassed to receive his award . initially indicated that he may not accept it . 
Esperanto speakers began to see the language and the culture . had grown up around it as ends in themselves . Esperanto is never adopted by the united nations or other international organizations . 
dry air wrapping around the southern periphery of the cyclone eroded most of the deep convection by early on September 12 . 
Calvin baker is an american novelist . 
Eva ł Paula Braun died Eva ł Paula Hitler -lrb- 6 February 1912 30 April 1945 . -rrb- was the longtime companion . 
each version of the license is given a distinguishing version number . 
most IRC servers do not require users to register an account . a user will have to set a nickname . being connected . 
that same year he also received a mechanics certificate . he becoming the youngest licensed airplane mechanic in new York . 
SummerSlam -lrb- 2009 -rrb- is an upcoming professional wrestling pay per view event produced by world wrestling entertainment -lrb- WWE -rrb- which will take place on August 23 2009 at staples center in los Angeles California . an upcoming professional wrestling pay per view event produced by world wrestling entertainment -lrb- -rrb- . Wrestling WWE -rrb- will take place on August 23 2009 at staples center in los Angeles California . 
usually portrayed as being bald long whiskers he is said to be an incarnation of the southern polestar . usually portrayed as being bald long whiskers he . 
a few animals have chromatic response . a few animals changing color . in changing environments the cephalopod family -rrb- . 
Val Venis defeated Rikishi in a steel cage match to retain . 
this closely resembles the Unix philosophy of having multiple programs each doing one thing . working together over universal interfaces . this of having multiple programs each doing one thing . 
he came from a musical family . his mother Kentucky . an administrative assistant and singer and his father Keith Brion was a band director at Yale . 
the largest populations of Mennonites are in Canada democratic republic of Congo and the united states . Mennonites can also be found in tight knit communities in at least 51 countries on six continents . Mennonites scattered amongst the populace of those countries . 
NAAS is a major Dublin suburb town . many people living in NAAS . many people working in Dublin . 
acanthopholis &apos; s Armour consisted of oval . plates set almost horizontally into the skin . spikes protruding from the neck and shoulder area . 
origin Irmo was chartered on christmas eve in 1890 in response to the opening of the Columbia Newberry and Laurens railroad . 
bills proposed by the law commission and consolidation bills . the house of . 
his final release in 1474 . he began preparations for the reconquest of Wallachia . Vlad resided with his new wife in a house in the Hungarian capital . 
you may add a passage of up to five words as a front cover text . 
he is interred in the big cemetery in 64 Illinois . 
bone marrow is the flexible tissue found in the hollow interior of bones . 
reflection nebulae are usually blue . the scattering is more efficient for blue light than red -lrb- this is the same scattering . process gives us blue skies and red sunsets . 
Monteux is a commune of the Vaucluse département in southern France in the area Provence Alpes Côte d azur . 
MacGruber starts asking for simple objects . MacGruber make something to father for possession the bomb . he is later distracted by something . he usually involving his personal life . -rrb- makes him run out of time . 
this was substantially complete . Messiaen died . Yvonne Messiaen undertook the final movement &apos; s orchestration with advice from George Benjamin . 
Shi a Muslims consider Siyyid Kázim teach to be one of their holiest cities . 
the pad called for the resignation of the governments of Thaksin Shinawatra &apos; Samak Sundaravej and somchai wongsawat whom . the pad accused of being proxies for Thaksin . 
travel through very remote areas on isolated tracks requires advance planning and a suitable reliable vehicle -lrb- usually a four wheel drive -rrb- . 
at Kahn he was chief architect for the Fisher building in 1928 . 
he excuses himself . he has to leave for rehearsal . 
Britpop emerged from the British independent music scene of the early 1990s . was characterised by . bands influenced by British guitar pop music of the 1960s and 1970s . 
this was absorbed into . battalions being formed for XI international LF . 
the Sheppard line currently has fewer users than the other two subway lines . shorter trains are run . 
it has a capacity of 98,772 . it making it the largest stadium in Europe and the eleventh largest in the world . 
in December 1967 ten boom was honored as one of the righteous among the nations by the state of Israel . 
some articles are quite lengthy and rich in content . others are shorter -lrb- possibly stubs -rrb- and of lesser quality . 
95 species are currently accepted . 
Eugowra is said to be named . the place where the sand washes down the hill . 
terms for moving picture are host heard terms in English . 
jurisdiction draws its substance from public international law conflict of laws constitutional law and the powers of the executive and legislative branches of government allocate resources to best serve the needs of its native society . 
he followed this with several other pieces about Hiawatha . 
the capital of the state is Aracaju -lrb- pop . 
this Farrenc was paid . 
Gumbasia was created in a . style Vorkapich taught called reaction film principles . 
the lawyer Brandon -lrb- Waise lee -rrb- . 
township located near Cowra in the central west of new south Wales Australia in Cabonne shire . 
Donaldson enlisted in the Australian army on 18 June 2002 . 
prospectors from California Europe and china were also digging the peel river and up the mountain slopes . 
the advent of the pocket calculator . it was the most commonly used calculation tool in science and engineering . 
improved battery life 20 percent faster page refreshing . a text to speech option to read the text aloud . overall thickness reduced from 0.8 to 0.36 inches 9.1 millimeters -rrb- . 
`` yoghurt &apos; &apos; or yoghurt is a dairy product produced by bacterial fermentation of milk . 
seventy five defencemen are in the hall of fame . are in the hall of fame more than any other current position . only 35 goaltenders have been inducted . 
alternative views on the subject have been proposed throughout the centuries -lrb- . centuries see below -rrb- . all were rejected by mainstream christian bodies . 
the album was banned from many record stores nationwide . 
the legs are wide at the top and narrow at the ankle . 
in late 2004 suleman made headlines by cutting Howard stern &apos; s radio show from four citadel stations . citing stern &apos; s frequent discussions regarding his upcoming move to Sirius satellite radio . 
the company opened twice as many Canadian outlets as McDonald &apos; s Wendy &apos; s confirms Tim Hortons IPO by march . system wide sales also surpassed those of McDonald &apos; s Canadian operations of 2002 . 
plot captain Caleb Holt -lrb- Kirk a firefighter in Albany . Cameron -rrb- is the cardinal rule of all firefighters had never leave your partner behind . Cameron -rrb- Georgia and firmly keeps never leave your partner behind . 
he won the presidential election held on 2 march 2008 with 71.25 of the popular vote . 
the plant is considered a living fossil . 
in 1990 she was the only female entertainer allowed to perform in Saudi Arabia . 
orchestration Stravinsky first conceived of writing the ballet in 1913 . 
protests across the nation were suppressed . 
Offenbach &apos; s numerous operettas such as Orpheus in the underworld and la belle Hélène were extremely popular in both France and the English speaking world during the 1850s and 1860s . 
roof tiles dating back to the tang dynasty with this symbol have been found west of the ancient city of Chang . an -lrb- modern day Xian -rrb- . 
Jeanne Marie Madeleine Demessieux -lrb- February 13 1921 November 11 1968 -rrb- was a french organist pianist composer and installations . 
the instrument was nearly impossible to control . 
Mary the greater -rrb- the earliest extant church in Assisi . 
characteristics radar observations indicate a fairly pure iron nickel composition . 
railway gazette international is a monthly business . journal covering the railway metro light rail and tram industries worldwide . 
he was appointed companion of Honour -lrb- born -rrb- in 1988 . 
loèche harbours the installations of onyx the Swiss interception system for electronic intelligence gathering . 
a matchbook is a small cardboard hyperlink -lrb- matchcover . -rrb- enclosing a quantity of matches . -rrb- having a coarse striking surface on the exterior . 
she was among the first doctors . to object to cigarette smoking around children . drug use in pregnant women . 
she vowed to never renounce the commune . dared the judges to sentence her to death . 
oel manga series there &apos; s trilogy there . there is a three volume original English language manga series following there . there the time . he was taken by `` twolegs &apos; &apos; in dawn . he returned to ThunderClan in the sight . 
samovar porter -lrb- 1994 -rrb- p 84 Syrians did not congregate in urban enclaves . many of the were able to interact with Americans on a daily basis . immigrants had worked as peddlers . 
he was also famous for his prints book covers posters and garden metalwork furniture . 
childhood she suffered from collapsed lungs twice . she had pneumonia 4 5 times a year a ruptured appendix and had a tonsils . 
Dr David lindenmeyer -lrb- Australian national university -rrb- has argued that the need for nest boxes indicates that logging practices are not ecologically sustainable for conserve hollow dependent species like Leadbeater &apos; s possum . 
the Montreal Canadiens are a professional ice hockey . team based in Montreal Quebec Canada . 
small value circuit can also be built on integrated . circuits using the same processes are used to make transistors . processes are used to make transistors . 
the term gribble was originally assigned to the wood boring species . the first species described from Norway by Rathke in 1799 Limnoria lignorum . 
the wounds inflicted by a club . are generally known as bludgeoning or blunt force trauma injuries . 
the county &apos; s administration was conducted at Duns or Lauder . Lauder until Greenlaw became the county town in 1596 . 
no skater has yet accomplished a quadruple axel in competition . 
from the telephone exchange the port Jackson district commandant could communicate with all military installations on the Harbour . 
to those who enter the prayer hall of a mosque without the intention of praying . there are still . rules apply . 
it is described as pointed in the face about the size of a rabbit . 
computer performance is characterized by the amount of . useful work accomplished by a computer system compared to the time and resources used . system compared to the time and resources used . 
some of the largest reservoirs in the world can be found along the Volga . 
the crosier symbolises the monasteries of the region . 
human skin hues can range from very dark brown to very pale pink . 
bankers from from ShoreBank a community development bank in Chicago helped Yunus with the official incorporation of the bank under a grant from the ford foundation . 
Bremer reported plans to put Saddam on trial . claimed that the details of such a trial had not yet been determined . 
Representatives of the professional hockey writers association vote for the all star team at the end of the regular season . 
Tajikistan Pakistan to the south and the people &apos; s republic of china to the east . Turkmenistan and Uzbekistan border Afghanistan to the north Islamic to the west . 
Nupedia was founded on march 9 2000 under the ownership of Bomis Inc a web portal company . 
notable features of the design include key dependent s boxes and a highly complex key schedule . notable features of the design . 
Iain grieve -lrb- born 19 February 1987 in jwaneng Botswana -rrb- is a rugby union back socialist for Bristol rugby in the Guinness premiership . Botswana -rrb- is a rugby union back socialist for Bristol rugby in the Guinness premiership . 
other nearby settlements include Pont bellanger and beaumesnil . 
the quark model was independently proposed by physicists Murray gell Mann and George Zweig in 1964 . 
the fourth ring is decorated with golden garlands . was added in 1938 39 . the column was moved to its present location . 
West Berlin had its own . postal administration separate from west Germany &apos; s issued its own postage stamps until 1990 . 
the Primavera is a painting by the Italian . Renaissance painter Sandro Botticelli . 
New south Wales &apos; s largest city and capital is Sydney . 
the polymer is most often epoxy . other polymers such as polyester vinyl ester or nylon are also used . 
the name survives as a brand for a related spin off digital television channel digital radio station and website . have survived the demise of the printed magazine . 
at four and a half years old he was left to fend for himself on the streets of northern Italy for the next four years with groups of other homeless children . 
stands were eventually added behind each set of goals . the ground began to be modernised . 
a town may be correctly described as a market town . as having market rights it no longer holds . it provided the right to do exists . it to do exists . 
a center on the eastern approaches was built later . 
events Europe July 29 battle of Stiklestad -lrb- Norway -rrb- and is killed in the battle . olav haraldsson loses to his pagan vassals . 
others have theorized that Tresca was eliminated by the NKVD as retribution for criticism of the Stalin regime of the Soviet union . 
this resulted in both Montenegro and Serbia . becoming independent countries . 
use html and CSS markup sparingly . 
Schuschnigg immediately responded publicly that reports of riots were false . 
Addiscombe is a suburb in the London borough of Croydon England . 
depending on the context . another closely related meaning of constituent is that of a governed represented or otherwise served by a politician sometimes this is restricted to citizens who elected the politician . citizen residing in the area . citizens elected the politician . governed represented or otherwise served by a politician sometimes this is restricted to . citizens elected the politician . 
Prunk is a member of institute of European history in Mainz and a senior fellow of the center for European integration studies in Bonn . 
Stallone also had a cameo appearance in the 2003 french film taxi 3 as a passenger . 
the crew fashioned a trailer with a cantilevered . arm attached to the hovercraft . arm shot the scene . the crew riding up movie highway north of Santa Clarita . 
the conference papers were published the next year in a bookmicroeconomic foundations of employment and inflation theory by Phelps et al . 
Wario land the Wario land series is a platforming a spin off of the super Mario land series . series started with Wario land . Wario land the Wario land series super Mario land 3 a spin off of the super Mario land series . 
Frédéric Chopin &apos; s opus 57 is a lullaby for solo piano . 
these attacks may have been psychological in origin rather than physical . 
a historian has stated that it was quinine &apos; s efficacy that gave . colonists fresh opportunities to swarm into the gold coast Nigeria and other parts of west Africa . quinine gave colonists fresh opportunities to swarm into the gold coast Nigeria and other parts of west Africa . 
spectroscopic studies have shown evidence of hydrated minerals and silicates . indicate rather a stony surface composition . 
she became the authoritative editor of her husband &apos; s works for Breitkopf und written . 
Mercury is similar in appearance to the moon . it is heavily cratered with regions of smooth plains . has natural satellites and no substantial atmosphere . 
geography the town lies in the limmat valley between Baden and Zürich . 
these ideally provide excellent habitat for chinkara hog deer and blue bull . 
Dhaka was successively ruled by the Turkish and Afghan . governors descending from the Delhi this before the arrival of the Mughals in 1608 . 
the prime minister stays in office . he or she retains the support of the lower house . 
for Rowling this scene is important . it shows Harry &apos; s bravery . by he demonstrates star and compassion . this scene is important . 
on June 1 1972 he and fellow RAF members Jan Carl Raspe and Holger Meins were caught after in . Jan Carl and Holger Meins a lengthy shootout in Frankfurt . 
they formed new music Manchester . a group committed to contemporary music . 
the compact and intense hurricane caused extreme damage in the upper Florida keys . a storm surge of approximately 18 to 20 feet affected the region . 
it is now the site of meher &apos; &apos; s tomb -lrb- tomb shrine -rrb- as well as facilities and accommodations for pilgrims . 
the collapsed dome of the main church has been restored entirely . 
in 2005 Meissner became the second . American woman to land the triple axel jump in national competition . 
Salem is a city in Essex county Massachusetts united states . 
forty nine species of pipefish and nine species of seahorse have been recorded . 
Saint Owl is a tropical island in the northeast Caribbean 186 . island approximately 300 km -lrb- 186 miles -rrb- east of Puerto Rico . 
these PDFs can not be distributed without further manipulation . they contain images . 
in April 1862 ben was arrested on the orders of police inspector sir Frederick Pottinger . Ben for participating in an armed robbery whilst in the company of prominent Gardiner . 
heavy rain fell across portions of Britain on October 5 . rain causing localized accumulation of flood waters . 
version 2009.1 provides a USB installer to create a live USB . where the user &apos; s configuration and personal data can be saved if desired . 
the parties respective strength in the federal assembly . the seats were distributed as follows . free democratic party -lrb- FDP -rrb- 2 members christian democratic people &apos; s party -lrb- CVP -rrb- 2 members social democratic party -lrb- sp -rrb- 2 members and Swiss people &apos; s party -lrb- SVP -rrb- 1 member . 
a fee is the price one pays as remuneration for services . the honorarium paid to a doctor lawyer consultant or other member of a learned profession . 
libraries located on its Columbus campus . 
Scotland was able to repulse a Norse invasion and broker . 
the singles from the album included by the way the Zephyr song ca n &apos;t stop function and universally speaking . 
in April 2000 MINIX became free open source software under a permissive free software licence . by this time other operating systems had surpassed its capabilities . it remained primarily an operating system for students and he has written some books . 
the body color varies from medium brown to gold ish to beige white . occasionally is marked with dark brown spots . 
the Britannica was primarily a Scottish enterprise . symbolised by its thistle logo the floral emblem of Scotland . 
the area covered by the being canceled soon after landfall on September 23 . warning issued on September 22 . warning landfall on September 23 . warning being canceled soon after landfall on September 23 . 
in August 2003 the san Diego union tribune alleged that U.S . marine pilots their commanders confirmed the use of mark 77 firebombs on Iraqi republican guards during the initial stages of combat . 
the latter provided audiences with the sort of information later provided by intertitles . can help . historians imagine what the film may have been like . 
that is because real estate businesses and other assets in the underground economies of the third world can not be used as collateral to raise capital to finance industrial and commercial expansion . 
he bolted from Sydney cove several times . he being shot dead in 1796 . 
Ned and dan advanced to the police camp ordering them to surrender . 
the second game got underway . the press agreed that the midget in a cake appearance had not been up to Veeck &apos; s usual promotional standard . 
in a short video promoting the charity equality now Joss Whedon confirmed that fray is not done . Fray is coming back . Fray is not done . 
a mutant is a type of fictional . character appears in comic books published by marvel comics . 
the sat reasoning test formerly scholastic is a standardized test for college admissions . -lrb- . 
civil unrest in northern Italy spawns the medieval musical form of geisslerlieder . . . . . . . . . . . . . penitential songs sung by wandering bands of on . 
some reports read that various factors increase the likelihood of both paralysis and hallucinations . 
his sentence was transportation to Australia for seven years . 
Waugh writes . that Charles had been . he first met Sebastian . he finding that low door in the wall . he opened on an enclosed and enchanted garden . a metaphor that informs the work on a number of levels . 
her notorious friendship with the Russian Mystic Grigori Rasputin was also an important factor in her life . 
the term dorsal refers to anatomical . structures are either situated toward or grow off side of an animal . structures grow off that side of an animal . 
the term protein itself was coined by Berzelius . Mulder observed that all proteins seemed to have the same empirical formula and might be composed of a single type of -lrb- very large -rrb- molecule . might be composed of a single type of -lrb- very large -rrb- molecule . 
the gang laid low for 16 months evading capture . 
barneville la bertran is a commune in the calvados department in the basse Normandie region in northwestern France . 
color ranges from orange to pale yellow . 
in 1963 an extension was added . extension curving north from union station . University avenue queen &apos; s park to near Bloor street where it turned west to terminate at st George and Bloor streets . 
before 1980 a section of the commonwealth railways central Australian line passed along the western side of the Simpson desert . 
it is located on an old portage . Trail led west through the mountains to unalakleet . 
people with cardiomyopathy are often at risk of can be deadly or sudden cardiac death or both . 
the largest sub region in Mesoamerica . it encompassed a vast and varied landscape from the mountainous regions of the sierra Madre to the semi arid plains of northern Yucatán . 
Google subsequently made the comic available on google books and their site . mentioned it on its official blog along with an explanation for the early release . 
anyone may register a pedigree with the college where they are carefully internally audited and require official proofs before being altered . they are carefully internally audited and require official proofs . they being altered . 
the book political economy was published in 1985 . had limited classroom adoption . 
he toured with the IPO in the spring of 1990 for their first ever performance in the Soviet union . concerts in Moscow and Leningrad . he toured with the IPO again in 1994 . he performing in china and India . 
Napoleonic wars and causing 10,000 casualties on the losers . Austrian general Mack throwing his army to the grand army of Napoleon at Ulm reaping Napoleon over 30,000 prisoners . reaping Napoleon over 30,000 prisoners . 
it has long been the economic Centre of northern Nigeria and a Centre for the production and export of groundnuts . 
a majority of south Indians speak one of the five Dravidian languages Kannada Malayalam Tamil Telugu and Tulu . 
Meteora earned the band multiple awards and honors . 
after a brief stand off the WWF cavalry turned around and attacked Kane and Jericho . 
most of the songs were written by Richard m. Sherman and Robert he Sherman . 
in the 5th century Slavs started to move into the area . 
from 1900 to 1920 many new facilities were constructed on campus . including facilities for the dental and pharmacy programs a chemistry building . facilities a building for the natural sciences hill auditorium large hospital and library complexes and two residence halls . 
Winchester is a city in Scott county Illinois united states . 
name arzashkun seems to be the Assyrian form of an Armenian applied by the . name ending in -ka formed from a proper name arzash recalls the name Arsene arsissa . -ka formed from a proper name arzash recalls the name Arsene arsissa . arzash recalls the name Arsene arsissa . to part of lake van . 
out of . 
its episodes were broadcast on the abc network from its debut on September 21 1993 . March 1 2005 . 
the latter device can then be designed and used . 
Gimnasia hired first famed Colombian trainer Francisco Maturana . Julio César falcioni . both had limited success . 
Brighton is a city in Washington county Iowa united states . 
she appeared in several music videos including it girl by . John Oates and just lose it by Eminem . 
on June 24 1979 the 750th anniversary of the village -rrb- Glinde received its town charter . 
Pauline returned in the game boy remake of donkey Kong in 1994 . the character is now described as Mario &apos; s friend . 
the vagina is remarkably elastic . stretches to many times its normal diameter during vaginal birth . 
his real date of birth was never recorded . it is believed to be a date between 1935 and 1939 . 
this quantitative measure indicates how much of a particular drug or other substance -lrb- inhibitor -rrb- is needed . a particular drug or other substance -lrb- inhibitor -rrb- to inhibit a given biological process -lrb- or component of a process i.e. an enzyme cell receptor or microorganism -rrb- by half . 
the name suggests that they are located in the Bernese Oberland region of the canton of Bern . 
there he had one daughter . later baptized as Mary Ann Fisher power Ann -lrb- e -rrb- power . later baptized as Mary Ann Fisher power . 
Edward gorey mentioned that bawden was one of his favorite artists . meaning the . fact not many people remembered or knew about this fine artist . 
the string can vibrate in different modes just as a guitar string . produce different notes . every mode appears as a different particle electron photon non force-carrying particles etc . 
Gable also earned an academy award nomination . he portrayed Fletcher christian in 1935 &apos; s mutiny on the bounty . 
